# [<](2022-01-09.md) 2022-01-10 [>](2022-01-11.md)

1,789,621 events recorded by [gharchive.org](https://www.gharchive.org/) of which 1,789,621 were push events containing 2,701,576 commit messages that amount to 220,159,854 characters filtered with [words.py@e23d022007...](https://github.com/defgsus/good-github/blob/e23d022007992279f9bcb3a9fd40126629d787e2/src/words.py) to these 21 messages:


## [TheSmallBlue/tgstation](https://github.com/TheSmallBlue/tgstation)@[623290915c...](https://github.com/TheSmallBlue/tgstation/commit/623290915c2292b56da11048deb62d758e1e3fb4)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 00:11:08 by tralezab

Replaces Batform with Vampire houses (#62516)

Permissions for species change

image
About The Pull Request

Goodbye batform

Hello, new preference called vampire status. Outcast vampires act just like normal, Inoculated vampires join their department under a unified "vampire house name" everyone shares.

image

image

image
Why It's Good For The Game

I've heard people complain about batform for years now, if vampires aren't gone by next halloween we can at least enjoy making them far less griefy (ruining a lot of the fun of halloween as just a dumb grief holiday) and more roleplay oriented. I don't even know why vampires got a griefy spell when they already have their main mechanic encourage randomly attacking people and stealing their blood to stay alive
Changelog

cl
del: Batform is gone!
add: ...Replaced by vampire houses as a preference. Join your department as a vampire ménage!
/cl

---
## [shawnjbragdon-0/AC6-UI](https://github.com/shawnjbragdon-0/AC6-UI)@[028e422907...](https://github.com/shawnjbragdon-0/AC6-UI/commit/028e42290788eaab96d8c6a831460220e60055c5)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 00:41:24 by Shawn Bragdon

Update AC6-UI.lua

My stupid ass couldn't figure out how to do the Tire Transform. I'll give it another go a different time because damn my head is hurting.

---
## [emeryberger/CSrankings](https://github.com/emeryberger/CSrankings)@[fd8c8f4a2b...](https://github.com/emeryberger/CSrankings/commit/fd8c8f4a2be0d988906bd890cbe6e36ace60607f)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 01:01:14 by bstao

Adding Biaoshuai Tao to csrankings-b.csv

I would like to add Biaoshuai Tao, an assistant professor from Shanghai Jiao Tong University, to csrankings-b.csv. His research interests are mainly in the interdisciplinary area between theoretical computer science and economics, including social network analyses, resource allocation problems and algorithmic game theory.

Thank you!

---
## [omiinaya/nextjs-sass](https://github.com/omiinaya/nextjs-sass)@[19066cc910...](https://github.com/omiinaya/nextjs-sass/commit/19066cc91041eb0e621ee9aa226bfa4f2bec4943)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 03:13:56 by omiinaya

FUCK YOU MATERIAL UI AND YOUR RULES THAT OVER RIDE MY CSS.

---
## [djsmith17/Dissociating-Role-of-Feedback-in-Voice-Motor-Control](https://github.com/djsmith17/Dissociating-Role-of-Feedback-in-Voice-Motor-Control)@[6028feb5aa...](https://github.com/djsmith17/Dissociating-Role-of-Feedback-in-Voice-Motor-Control/commit/6028feb5aa2799921087f89ec4880f4c12258da0)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 06:21:51 by Dante Smith

Fuck your couch

This needs to become a testing window. This is getting ridiculous

---
## [digda5624/fis_police_service_back](https://github.com/digda5624/fis_police_service_back)@[8353e8e57a...](https://github.com/digda5624/fis_police_service_back/commit/8353e8e57ac2686e437fdebffcb010a4d6e0c33c)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 06:45:56 by JUNYEONG-K

Merge pull request #13 from digda5624/feature/howtomail

fuck you mail service

---
## [doms9/doms9.github.io](https://github.com/doms9/doms9.github.io)@[3ab62f7de4...](https://github.com/doms9/doms9.github.io/commit/3ab62f7de44c7c6fad9b63871d9ff82c43d690fe)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 07:19:35 by doms9

lotta shit kinda forgot no kizzy

fixed viewing experience on ipads and larger devices
removed useless elements (overall cleaner)

---
## [ABJ4403/Payback2_CHEATus](https://github.com/ABJ4403/Payback2_CHEATus)@[a98f61f88d...](https://github.com/ABJ4403/Payback2_CHEATus/commit/a98f61f88d1289dbb1cb415f55c8475f5f200124)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 07:50:51 by ABJ4403

Update Payback2_CHEATus to 1.2.1

v1.2.1
- Add numbers to the menu choice to make finding exact option easier.
- Added version (because GOD FUCKING DAMN GITHUB WHYYYYYYYYYY).
- Pistol/Shotgun cheat now can be changeable.
  - option added to put actual current value if the script is closed.
- some more comments
- fixing button order bug thingy.
- void value now uses 99 instead of 9999 to save storage space.
- Clearing choices after user choice executed.

---
## [facebookincubator/BOLT](https://github.com/facebookincubator/BOLT)@[28761eed44...](https://github.com/facebookincubator/BOLT/commit/28761eed44464b1f509c7611be7af8ee8fd9ddab)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 08:39:21 by Gabriel Poesia

Update subroutine address ranges in binary.

Summary:
[WIP] Update DWARF info for function address ranges.

This diff currently does not work for unknown reasons,
but I'm describing here what's the current state.
According to both llvm-dwarf and readelf our output seems correct,
but GDB does not interpret it as expected. All details go below in
hope I missed something.

I couldn't actually track the whole change that introduced support for
what we need in gdb yet, but I think I can get to it
(2007-12-04: Support
lexical bocks and function bodies that occupy non-contiguous address ranges). I have reasons to believe gdb at least at some
nges).

The set of introduced changes was basically this:

- After disassembly, iterate over the DIEs in .debug_info and find the
ones that correspond to each BinaryFunction.
- Refactor DebugArangesWriter to also write addresses of functions to
.debug_ranges and track the offsets of function address ranges there
- Add some infrastructure to facilitate patching the binary in
simple ways (BinaryPatcher.h)
- In RewriteInstance, after writing .debug_ranges already with
function address ranges, for each function do:
-- Find the abbreviation corresponding to the function
-- Patch .debug_abbrev to replace DW_AT_low_pc with DW_AT_ranges and
DW_AT_high_pc with DW_AT_producer (I'll explain this hack below).
Also patch the corresponding forms to DW_FORM_sec_offset and
DW_FORM_string (null-terminated in-place string).
-- Patch debug_info with the .debug_ranges offset in place of
the first 4 bytes of DW_AT_low_pc (DW_AT_ranges only occupies 4
bytes whereas low_pc occupies 8), and write an arbitrary string
in-place in the other 12 bytes that were the 4 MSB of low_pc
and the 8 bytes of high_pc before the patch. This depends on
low_pc and high_pc being put consecutively by the compiler, but
it serves to validate the idea. I tried another way of doing it
that does not rely on this but it didn't work either and I believe
the reason for either not working is the same (and still unknown,
but unrelated to them. I might be wrong though, and if I find yet
another way of doing it I may try it). The other way was to
use a form of DW_FORM_data8 for the section offset. This is
disallowed by the specification, but I doubt gdb validates this,
as it's just easier to store it as 64-bit anyway as this is even
necessary to support 64-bit DWARF (which is not what gcc generates
by default apparently).

I still need to make changes to the diff to make it production-ready,
but first I want to figure out why it doesn't work as expected.

By looking at the output of llvm-dwarfdump or readelf, all of
.debug_ranges, .debug_abbrev and .debug_info seem to have been
correctly updated. However, gdb seems to have serious problems with
what we write.

(In fact, readelf --debug-dump=Ranges shows some funny warning messages
of the form ("Warning: There is a hole [0x100 - 0x120] in .debug_ranges"),
but I played around with this and it seems it's just because no
compile unit was using these ranges. Changing .debug_info apparently
changes these warnings, so they seem to be unrelated to the section
itself. Also looking at the hex dump of the section doesn't help,
as everything seems fine. llvm-dwarfdump doesn't say anything.
So I think .debug_ranges is fine.)

The result is that gdb not only doesn't show the function name as we
wanted, but it also stops showing line number information.
Apparently it's not reading/interpreting the address ranges at all,
and so the functions now have no associated address ranges, only the
symbol value which allows one to put a breakpoint in the function,
but not to show source code.

As this left me without more ideas of what to try to feed gdb with,
I believe the most promising next trial is to try to debug gdb itself,
unless someone spots anything I missed.
I found where the interesting part of the code lies for this
case (gdb/dwarf2read.c and some other related files, but mainly that one).
It seems in some parts gdb uses DW_AT_ranges for only getting
its lowest and highest addresses and setting that as low_pc and
high_pc (see dwarf2_get_pc_bounds in gdb's code and where it's called).
I really hope this is not actually the case for
function address ranges. I'll investigate this further. Otherwise
I don't think any changes we make will make it work as initially
intended, as we'll simply need gdb to support it and in that case it
doesn't.

(cherry picked from FBD3073641)

---
## [Miijii-Kaichou/RBGMobile](https://github.com/Miijii-Kaichou/RBGMobile)@[99491d6ddd...](https://github.com/Miijii-Kaichou/RBGMobile/commit/99491d6ddd870b91389241a9a43b909361db90aa)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 09:07:46 by Tyrease Teer

Update 2022.0.1.0v

Added in new post processing system, as well as improved on the visual department (which is looking stunning).
We've also fixed some errors/bugs regarding restarting the stage again. Note to self, don't always using a Singleton<T> class unless you really need it, because further down the line, it's just going to cause a lot of problems for everyone, and I don't enjoy it that much.

---
## [TotallynotTwo/profanity](https://github.com/TotallynotTwo/profanity)@[d9ac037cbe...](https://github.com/TotallynotTwo/profanity/commit/d9ac037cbececbfe9670ca2ae24f70e06393496c)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 12:26:16 by Kruimeldief

removed 'shits'

In my opinion, the word shit and shits is not that bad. It's used in normal speech too and it's not that harmful when meant to hurt someone.

---
## [yussf/LibAFL](https://github.com/yussf/LibAFL)@[6274ad4594...](https://github.com/yussf/LibAFL/commit/6274ad4594af86869f7f678f9321d24851efe634)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 12:44:27 by Andrea Fioraldi

Refactor libafl_qemu creating the Emulator struct and post syscall hooks (#430)

* working without asan.rs

* working asan

* update fuzzers

* mremap in snapshot

* sugar

* python

* fix python

* clippy

* fmt

* fuck you loader

---
## [goonstation/goonstation](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation)@[213b1fb1c9...](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/213b1fb1c936cb95eace5cc4faac16cddc174eac)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 14:01:20 by Nexusuxen

AI Skins (#7129)

* wip
skins added
support for different skins added
- battmode & apcmode overlays
- readjust stun/bsod icon states to use overlays
setSkin proc also includes input validation to ensure only valid icons
medal+reward "Now you're thinking with portals!" dwaine skin
FUCK NPC AI WHY DO THE MARTIANS AGGRO ON SPAWN ARGHGHH

* mostly final changes
adds clown skin
further refactors to ai core frame layering
ai core sprites are now separate from the screen
blank screen now used for when the ai is depowered
(cant remember all the details, its been a while)

* tweaks
some desc adjusts
undid weird indentation(s)
removed unnecessary/outdated comments
1 -> TRUE
adds clown ai kit to geoff honkington's stock
(honk)

---
## [MangDL/MangDL](https://github.com/MangDL/MangDL)@[2fc98eee68...](https://github.com/MangDL/MangDL/commit/2fc98eee6841cd42984d6c4df8d1d62a5143e4b0)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 16:12:48 by whi~nyaan

This patch is for my lovely boyfriend, bump to `3.0.0.0`

---
## [elonmusk777/tokens](https://github.com/elonmusk777/tokens)@[3d82ea814f...](https://github.com/elonmusk777/tokens/commit/3d82ea814f077abcdf0c00ea4216c17cd3ab5364)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 18:32:11 by elonmusk777

ADD KingFeg info and logo

KINGFEG is a juvenile orangutan in the circus. It lives in the background of the battle among the blockchain empires. The city was destroyed and the social order was in chaos. The escaped KINGFEG inadvertently hid in Dr. Franklin’s research institute. It was the first time it came into contact with the blockchain and was surprised to find that it could vaguely understand it, so it was immersed in these wonderful symbols. After a long period of time, it has mastered the mystery of the blockchain and surprisingly built its own set of simple blockchain systems. It looked for the way to circus, went back there, and found the rest of the mates. Start to teach them blockchain knowledge in their language. A blockchain empire that transcends species is rising. Gradually, other blockchain empires realized this already quietly powerful empire, so the war was about to start. The process was cruel and long. KINGFEG and its partners continued to grow in frustration, suffering, and joy. In the end, they swept away and occupied the top of the blockchain, becoming the creator of the new era.
Transaction ID link：https://bscscan.com/tx/0x42b3353aee6092900525e594471bfc2b68212601e2889caa98217286ba8d82e7

---
## [Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods)@[6e53fdf18e...](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/commit/6e53fdf18e94d42393997d212076908ba3b84b7e)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 19:27:30 by Joel Robert Justiawan

[skip ci] blagub

Cipher charting state lags because I think the song is long compared to other songs that are short.

weird! before this wasn't that as laggy? was it because of that glitch grid idk how to delete that?

help me

FINALLY FIXED!!! Or what it? return to onComplete of this FlxG.sound.music thingy. when this happened, inside this callback we raise music completed flag, so now we replaced Kade's song time measurement on update with just this flag raise. You know what, that measurement is buggy! Just pecking do music complete flag raise instead, is that hard? Also, DO NOT MIX THE MEASUREMENT!!! The timer counter resets when music is stopped, `stop()` thingy. this will be very confusing! the flag raised, but the timer did not exceed song length??? wtf?? SOFTLOCK!!! yeah, just rely on flag instead. NO MORE TIME CHECK!!!

blackbar oops misunderstood! here correct axis lol! also delegate dormant position first as well so when appear it goes like that supposed to be. test this with Blammed
TODO: add blammed light calls in modchart! I think this goes like, call Blammed Light every beat in this Reff section. idk, what's what I can conclude based on that Psych Engine, Blammed event JSON. Remember, I tried song Event it doesn't work properly at the moment.

ohhh wait. that's because I forgot to compare its positions with current beat first. oh man!

damn. ok here.

wait a minute. this relies on decimal beat???! oh no. we need when the metronome ticks! not current beat every frame!!!
TODO: fine, let's make another Event object interpreter but for beatHit() yess.

man, We must finish the week, we almost there for exhilarate! I hate lags. how do we solve this? how do we hide the white pad too aswell? no I mean, the board, background where notes in charting state placed on. idk man.

hey, cannot we use space to beautify JSON, my VS code uses Tab `\t` to beautify JSON.
TODO: (todo??? I guess, idk) just bring back `\t` beautification just like I did before!

---
## [cellux/playground](https://github.com/cellux/playground)@[46ca09b7d0...](https://github.com/cellux/playground/commit/46ca09b7d04c9a76692e35ba61a4381427eb9656)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 19:33:49 by Ruzsa Balazs

holy shit

sometimes you are just dosing off on the couch and suddenly stumble
upon a solution to a long-standing problem which has been lurking in
your subconscious for months, maybe years

in this case I found an incredibly elegant way to access the lexical
bindings in &env which 1) makes the whole quote-all-except-locals
magic completely unnecessary and 2) makes it possible to resolve any
symbol within the AST of a parsed `oben/fn` or `oben/defn` form to a
value in the enclosing Clojure lexical environment, and not just at
the outermost layer - as previously - but anywhere in the AST (unless
a symbol is shadowed by something like an inner `let` of course)

---
## [morgoth1145/advent-of-code](https://github.com/morgoth1145/advent-of-code)@[6f8e20e550...](https://github.com/morgoth1145/advent-of-code/commit/6f8e20e550b1ad2f6689ecd0c3f326d23913f7c4)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 19:52:28 by Patrick Hogg

2016 Day 2 Part 1

Oof, that's a harder Day 2 too! Still not too bad, but moving around in a fixed grid while bounding the coordinates was interesting.

Honestly though, I wasted a ton of time in mapping the end coordinates to the keypad. Doing it manually is dumb, but my brain wasn't immediately processing how to do it smart. (Which is silly, because isn't it just 3*y + x + 1?)

Time: 0:03:12.710717

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[9d06f9f3fb...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/9d06f9f3fbcf6bb2b1435239cfe70bc9f879bd10)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 20:11:40 by Marko Grdinić

"11:50am. Got up 10m ago, and am a bit groggy. I went to bed past 2am. The problem was that my fatigue didn't warn me, and I did not feel like I've been playing for since I only started at 11pm.

...Ah, I just realized. If I used the proximity node, it would flatten the object along a plane. What instead need to do is a deform modifier along a curve! Yes, that is it. The curve modifier is what I've been trying to think of. Unfortunately, it does not seem like I can set modifiers in geometry nodes. Maybe in some future version of Blender.

12pm. Let me have breakfast here. After that I'll start the retopo adventure. Just forget all those crappy modifiers for the time being. I do not have to flatten the instances. It was just an interesting mental puzzle that I wanted to solve. I do not need the advanced stuff, but just the basics.

1:55pm. Done with breakfast and chores. Let me start for the day.

1:55pm. From now and into the months ahead, forget the hard stuff and just focus on the basics. Blender has a lot of stuff, and I do not need it. I just need the basic things.

I do not need to know what all those modifiers are doing.

All I need is to retopo here.

2:20pm. This is a bit awkward. Rather than going for a tutorial, I am first giving it a try myself. But the edges don't in general land where I want them and they tend to be at a weird rotation.

2:25pm. I've actually turned off snapping in favor of just the shrinkwrap modifier. At the rate I am going this will take a while. I need to speed it up. I need broader strokes. Let me ignore that the first part of the brow is highly detailed. instead let me just get the outline broadly right.

2:55pm.  61 vertices, despite being nearly 1h at it. I am trying to establish my workflow and am making amateurish mistakes. Instead of using a plane as a boundary, let me instead extrude it into a dube. Than I will chop off the original object. That way I won't have to haul two objects around. In fact...why I just join the two objects into one. Things can be eeven easier. That way...

Actually, no there is no need to fuss about this. The way I am doing it right now is fine.

3:20pm. I got the eyebrow retopo'd.

4:10pm. Got it all. I am getting the hang of it.

Without the subdivision surface it some down to about 1k vertices. With a single subdivide and smooth shading it looks quite nice, much better than the decimated original.

4:15pm. I am taking a break here and thinking. I feel good about this. But before I move on to anything else, I should look into some retopo tutorials.

...On a whim I did merge by distance and there were some duplicate vertices. This can happen when you extrude and then right click.

4:25pm. Ok, let me watch some tuts and then I'll move to the next step. This was a good lesson in editing things directly. There might have been more efficient ways of doing this though.

https://youtu.be/CuQzPDs99yM
Retopology for Beginners in Blender 2.8 - Retopo the Correct Way

Let me take a look at this.

https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/3.0/addons/mesh/f2.html

I did not use this. I wonder how this would work?

Snapping - enable 'Project Onto Self' and 'Project Individual Elements'

I also did not figure out what these two options are doing when snapping. They just ended up being a nuisance.

It would have been a good idea to display the object in front.

https://youtu.be/CuQzPDs99yM?t=218

They'll talk about why F2 is so amazing. I am actually quite motivated to improve my retopo skills now after getting a taste of it. It took me a while just to do the damn eyebrow, but I should be able to do a task like this in 10m.

I probably did it in a too fancy way. I should have  made a bunch of surrounding edges and then filled them with loop cuts. That would have gone well. Instead I've been scaling and rotating multiple verts at the same time.

https://youtu.be/CuQzPDs99yM?t=807

Oh wow, this is amazing. It is even doing the orientation on its own. How the hell?

You know what, after I am done with this tutorial, I'll set the finished product that I've just done aside and play around with some of these techniques. This is definitely something I want to learn.

https://youtu.be/CuQzPDs99yM?t=929
> Number one issue with repotopology is that people got way too dense, way too early.

I think I made this mistake.

https://youtu.be/CuQzPDs99yM?t=947

I've been using the estrude for everything.

https://youtu.be/CuQzPDs99yM?t=1003

Here they talk about the F2 addon.

https://youtu.be/CuQzPDs99yM?t=1185

So far this lecture has been a goldmine of good advice. Right now they will talk about the bridge tool. That thing has been confusing me because something it works for connecting two edges, and other times it does not.

https://youtu.be/CuQzPDs99yM?t=1236

It never occured to me to try using subdivision to check for tears in the mesh.

https://youtu.be/CuQzPDs99yM?t=1277

I had this problem and had to do it by hand because straightforward fill did not do what I wanted it.

It is possible to duplicate the modifiers with shift D. I could have done that and then applied the original modifier. Instead I applied the original and set it all up from scratch which was annoying.

https://youtu.be/CuQzPDs99yM?t=1571

They way they do it is not like I would have. He is leaving haps instead of spreading out evenly.

https://youtu.be/CuQzPDs99yM?t=1632

You can out Ctrl + right mouse to add topoology. I've been wondering how to do a single vert on an arbitrary place.

https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/latest/editors/3dview/controls/snapping.html?highlight=snapping

Let me read the docs on snapping. Just what are those two settings for.

///

Project Onto Self
Available only in editing mode for Vertices, Edges, Faces and Volume. Snaps elements to its own mesh.

Project Individual Elements
Available for snap to Faces. Project individual elements on the surface of other objects.

///

If that is really true why did I get such poor results.

> Once transforming a selection with Snapping on (not just when holding Ctrl), you can press A to mark the current snapping point, then proceed to mark as many other snapping points as you wish and the selection will be snapped to the average location of all the marked points.

> Marking a point more than once will give it more weight in the averaged location.

I did not know about this. I should try it out.

5:20pm. Let me give it a try.

5:40pm. I place 148 edges in no time at all compared to last time. This is going so smooth.

5:55pm. I am just playing around so it is taking more than it should, but with this techinque of simply Ctrl + RMB ing the edges, I get such better results. After I did the outline I just slapped a subdiv modifier before the shrinkwrap and presto, I get exactly what I need. This technique is definitely worth keeping in mind. When it comes to retopoing my own chara models, I am going to be using this same workflow.

I feel like I've gained quite a bit. Let me go have lunch.

6:30pm. Done with lunch. Let me chill a bit. I've decided that I will just go with this model. Let me apply the mods.

6:50pm. I am playing around. In fact, just applying the subdiv on the outline give me better results than forcing it to conform to the shape. It simply looks nicer.

Sigh...this was a 5 minute job, but it took me 2/3rds of the entire day.

This is what lack of experience will get you.

Well, at least I did learn quite a bit.

Let me take a break here. I need to decide what is next.

7:15pm. I am back.

7:25pm. What do I want to do next? I'd rather just call it a day.

Let me watch the retopo video by Flipped Normals that they've been talking about.

https://www.youtube.com/c/FlippedNormals/search?query=retopo

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEwEWKOH5ws
Retopology Using New Polybuild Tool in Blender

There a bunch that I am interested in. Let me watch few and then I'll finish the fence segment.

https://youtu.be/BEwEWKOH5ws?t=136

This is pretty cool. I should give it a try in the future.

https://youtu.be/BEwEWKOH5ws?t=740
> I stick to a very low base, and then I just collapse it (subdiv modifier)

This is a surpise. This is what I did for the fence on my second try.

7:45pm. https://youtu.be/gO-TJq7mgvY?list=PLBX-X8mPyxIqV8Uto03OdvfnGUHCu9Hxz
Blender Sculpting VS ZBrush - The End of ZBrush?

Let me watch this for a bit.

8pm. I am playing with the polybuild tool and am quite impressed. This should be quite useful. The automerge is also useful. At least, it would prevent me from making dumb mistake with duplicate vertices.

I am feeling it. Up to now, the only modeling stuff I did was hard surface - swords and those kinds of gimmicks. But despite the simplicity of what I was doing today which is just tracing in 3d, that is what retopology is, I found it quite engrossing. Let me watch watch some of their videos and then I will call it a day. I won't do it till 11pm today as I am already tired and want some leisure time.

8:10pm. I should definitely turn my focus on the kinds of things I've been doing today. Low poly stuff. Forget the elaborate things. I should have a firm grasp of the basics. If I end up writing addons, it will be for things I need to automate in my own work.

There is no need to think about that right now, since everything is new to me.

https://youtu.be/gO-TJq7mgvY?list=PLBX-X8mPyxIqV8Uto03OdvfnGUHCu9Hxz&t=811
> ZBrush has the steepest learning curve of any software that I've used. Not in a positive way, not like Houdini that once you understand it you can do everything under the sun, but in a - this shouldn't be designed this way.

https://youtu.be/gO-TJq7mgvY?list=PLBX-X8mPyxIqV8Uto03OdvfnGUHCu9Hxz&t=1034
> Blender is amazing for concepting.

8:40pm. https://youtu.be/FqVq7C-goak?list=PLBX-X8mPyxIqV8Uto03OdvfnGUHCu9Hxz
Using Cloth Brushes in Blender to Enhance your Clothing

I really wanted a tutorial like this.

https://youtu.be/FqVq7C-goak?list=PLBX-X8mPyxIqV8Uto03OdvfnGUHCu9Hxz&t=171

I need to study the cloth brush this could really be useful.

Maybe this kind of thing would be good for water as well.

https://youtu.be/FqVq7C-goak?list=PLBX-X8mPyxIqV8Uto03OdvfnGUHCu9Hxz&t=396

He says that cloth is really hard to sculpt.

9pm. There are some cloth brush tutorials out there. I do not feel like watching them now. Yesterday was exceptional, in that I was really into it, but that was because I was in the middle of a task. Right now I am done with the fence logo, so I do not feel like starting anything new. Tomorrorw, I am going to finish the walkway right away and then move on to working on the pool segment. I think that to make the pool I should just find some references and model it by myself. I need to get into the habit of that. BlenderKit might have a lot of assets, but for any given thing, I am lucky to find even one thing for free.

For the kinds of things I want to do, I need to get into the habit of doing them myself."

---
## [JoshuaHolloway/web-app-frontend](https://github.com/JoshuaHolloway/web-app-frontend)@[7f318a365a...](https://github.com/JoshuaHolloway/web-app-frontend/commit/7f318a365abeac22ee744667bd4ef91fe7d658e6)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 20:38:20 by JoshuaHolloway

lighting up currently viewed message and saying fuck you to all the other ones

---
## [MrJamesGaming/FtcRobotController](https://github.com/MrJamesGaming/FtcRobotController)@[79094adab1...](https://github.com/MrJamesGaming/FtcRobotController/commit/79094adab1193fa503dce9742d8580b96b9f3688)
#### Monday 2022-01-10 22:53:27 by MrJamesGaming

shut yo skin tone chicken bone google chrome no home flip phone disowned ice cream cone garden gnome extra chromosome metronome dimmadome genome full blown monochrome student loan indiana jones overgrown flintstone x and y hormone friend zone sylvester stallone sierra leone autozone professionally seen silver patrone living in rome minecraft dome styrofoam hair comb item tome sherlock holmes osteotone peristome unknown no throne ching chong ling long suck my ding dong head ass pubg fortnite flip phone remote control autism down syndrome stage four terminal brain cancer o'reilly auto parts silver bronze ash amiibo uv light pen sushi ramen harrison ford gamer bitch ass virgin lamp thermometor table bench cow sheep pig chicken lean mean string bean charlie sheen limousine canteen trampoline serpentine antihistamine wolverine submarine unclean nectarine broken gene halloween defective spleen smokescreen james dean putting green tiny peen anti vaccine aquamarine eugene extra green nicotine vaseline jellybean magazine protein lightning-mcqueen vending machine what'chu mean Ocean Man by Ween in between never seen hella mean making scene never clean fifteen routine blue jeans intervene submarine hurting spleen horny teen caffeine jump in ravine drinking from a canteen Halloween tangerine norephinefrine bruised knees chinese cherry trees disease paying fees no keys eat cheese trustees guarantees super freeze getting seized keeping bees being squeezed getting teased siamese disagrees cantonese congolese referees sneeze dvds trapese wheeze rupees interviewees sudanese sinhalese appointees nominees drinking teas getting said massive head color red instead dead sleep on bed go ahead eat bread well fed layer of thread infared doesn't know won't go really low overthrow way below long ago hella slow yellow snow glow marilyn monroe get dough foe although undergo plateau bordaux bestow head ass tf up bitch

---

# [<](2022-01-09.md) 2022-01-10 [>](2022-01-11.md)

