# [<](2022-01-30.md) 2022-01-31 [>](2022-02-01.md)

1,652,121 events recorded by [gharchive.org](https://www.gharchive.org/) of which 1,652,121 were push events containing 2,602,073 commit messages that amount to 207,603,752 characters filtered with [words.py@e23d022007...](https://github.com/defgsus/good-github/blob/e23d022007992279f9bcb3a9fd40126629d787e2/src/words.py) to these 24 messages:


## [Ebin-Halcyon/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Ebin-Halcyon/Skyrat-tg)@[1dfcffccd1...](https://github.com/Ebin-Halcyon/Skyrat-tg/commit/1dfcffccd1d453fc0d3f928f5dfa1d3115f977f9)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 00:54:13 by Zenitheevee

Tarkon Update 1.5: Meet the Ensign  (#11089)

* THE LORE, GUYS, THE LORE

* P-T 1.5: Meet The Ensign

* Dont remember, live is fucky and i need to test shit

* So many active turfs now fixed...

* Medical Malpractice: Swapped patients thumbs with their big toes.

* THE SOOOUUUULLLLLLLNGNGHHGHGHHH

* ok maybe i want this back.

* some other stuff and future-proof testing

---
## [mikebmcl/ReactiveUIUnoSample](https://github.com/mikebmcl/ReactiveUIUnoSample)@[653cb0f4f4...](https://github.com/mikebmcl/ReactiveUIUnoSample/commit/653cb0f4f4331ff45d3fec9e9cf05eb52d1a4d93)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 01:16:05 by Michael B. McLaughlin

Managed to add unit testing with only significant changes to many things. I created and added ISchedulerProvider thinking I would need it for testing but so far I don't. Still, it's a useful abstraction that will be helpful if I decide to take the plunge and create a second shared project so that I can add the one with all the UI bits excluding App and possibly MainView as a project reference to UITests since it is a library and so all of the app initialization stuff (i.e. App.xaml) is not allowed to be included in it in any way. This is some ugly code in a lot of places because what I thought would be easy and take an hour has been not so easy and has taken 8+ hours. I just want to commit it and relax for a bit on what's left of Sunday. I'll clean it up and improve it soon. Also, in the end most of the frustration came down to the fact that I am relying on WASM for testing to avoid setting up AppCenter stuff for this project, which I would need to do to test on Android (WASM, Android, and iOS are the only currently supported platforms for Uno.UITest projects). Anyway, the current stable of Uno.UITest.Helpers only looks for 32-bit (Program Files (x86)) Chrome installations and it can only be used with Chrome, and I have 64-bit (Program Files) Chrome installed. None of the error messages were remotely helpful, I finally had to clone the Uno.UITests repo in order to discover that it worked fine but then when I upgraded it to Uno 4 from 3.7 it stopped working too which eventually led to the discovery of the problem with the solution finally being that the current experimental Uno.UITest.Helpers (1.1.0-dev.32) has support for detecting and using 64-bit Chrome so I updated to that and it now all works. Yay. Relax now. Clean up and improve later or tomorrow.

---
## [robintime/vgstation13](https://github.com/robintime/vgstation13)@[b879dddba0...](https://github.com/robintime/vgstation13/commit/b879dddba0f6a2afcf72a77f4696f3e9c031ecb5)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 01:16:42 by rob

adds sound effects to surgery steps (#31850)

* the everything

* nmb

* ok

* dfdffdfsds

* ssssssssssssssssssssskurfusr

* fuck yoiu damian fuck you!!!!!

* DAMIANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN

* D

---
## [Mr-Carp/fulpstation](https://github.com/Mr-Carp/fulpstation)@[c797bf79ea...](https://github.com/Mr-Carp/fulpstation/commit/c797bf79ea71c9fd26f598306753a9abc55427d8)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 03:54:49 by Pepsilawn

Fixes broken ass area on Helios tation (#440)

* Fixes Helios

* fuck you turbine

* MACHINERY/wish_granter

---
## [TatianaPAs/HackerRank-solutions-mine-](https://github.com/TatianaPAs/HackerRank-solutions-mine-)@[9ec05f9164...](https://github.com/TatianaPAs/HackerRank-solutions-mine-/commit/9ec05f9164f3352ddfc24e90a39dc71509b3b33a)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 04:27:17 by Tatiana Pasechnik

Add files via upload

Two friends Anna and Brian, are deciding how to split the bill at a dinner. Each will only pay for the items they consume. Brian gets the check and calculates Anna's portion. You must determine if his calculation is correct.

For example, assume the bill has the following prices: . Anna declines to eat item  which costs . If Brian calculates the bill correctly, Anna will pay . If he includes the cost of , he will calculate . In the second case, he should refund  to Anna.

Function Description

Complete the bonAppetit function in the editor below. It should print Bon Appetit if the bill is fairly split. Otherwise, it should print the integer amount of money that Brian owes Anna.

bonAppetit has the following parameter(s):

bill: an array of integers representing the cost of each item ordered
k: an integer representing the zero-based index of the item Anna doesn't eat
b: the amount of money that Anna contributed to the bill
Input Format

The first line contains two space-separated integers  and , the number of items ordered and the -based index of the item that Anna did not eat.
The second line contains  space-separated integers  where .
The third line contains an integer, , the amount of money that Brian charged Anna for her share of the bill.

---
## [Rebirth-of-the-Night/Rebirth-Of-The-Night](https://github.com/Rebirth-of-the-Night/Rebirth-Of-The-Night)@[1e6449a873...](https://github.com/Rebirth-of-the-Night/Rebirth-Of-The-Night/commit/1e6449a8738f12a16964b7f5495a289d76b6eed8)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 05:24:16 by Foreck1

El Gran Brick Overhaul (Part 2)

Updated Epic Siege Mod
Configured mobs individually to make them behave like in previous versions of ESM
Made a set of the most relevant bricks resistant to mob griefing
    NEW blocks that are resistant to mob griefing include: rammed earths, dry fitted stone; coade, clay, holy, nether, fiery, adobe, mud, sandy, sandstone, red sandstone, soul sandstone, brimstone, permafrost, masonry, refractory, porcelain, white and end bricks
Added bricks to the highlands
Lore revamp for two weapons commonly found in Nether fortresses
Tweaked carminberry bush texture
Tweaked nether chest recipe

Tweaked several textures
Updated several textures in preparation for adding the Modernity resourcepack
The brick overhaul was achieved via extensive replacement of every single fucking recipe, mention, callback, and hook to the original bricks with custom variants which was painful to do. There might still be missing recipes or inconsistencies here and there, needs testing.

---
## [zwliew/gcc](https://github.com/zwliew/gcc)@[aeac414923...](https://github.com/zwliew/gcc/commit/aeac414923aa1e87986c7fc6f9b921d89a9b86cf)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 05:46:01 by Thomas Schwinge

Revert "Fix PR 67102: Add libstdc++ dependancy to libffi" [PR67102]

This reverts commit db1a65d9364fe72c2fff65fb2dec051728b6f3fa.

On 2021-09-17T01:01:39-0700, Andrew Pinski via Gcc-patches <gcc-patches@gcc.gnu.org> wrote:
> On Fri, Sep 17, 2021 at 12:46 AM Thomas Schwinge <thomas@codesourcery.com> wrote:
>> On 2021-09-15T13:56:37-0700, apinski--- via Gcc-patches <gcc-patches@gcc.gnu.org> wrote:
>> > The error message is obvious -funconfigured-libstdc++-v3 is used
>> > on the g++ command line.  So we just add the dependancy.
>>
>> > --- a/Makefile.def
>> > +++ b/Makefile.def
>> > @@ -592,6 +592,7 @@ dependencies = { module=configure-target-fastjar; on=configure-target-zlib; };
>> >  dependencies = { module=all-target-fastjar; on=all-target-zlib; };
>> >  dependencies = { module=configure-target-libgo; on=configure-target-libffi; };
>> >  dependencies = { module=configure-target-libgo; on=all-target-libstdc++-v3; };
>> > +dependencies = { module=configure-target-libffi; on=all-target-libstdc++-v3; };
>> >  dependencies = { module=all-target-libgo; on=all-target-libbacktrace; };
>> >  dependencies = { module=all-target-libgo; on=all-target-libffi; };
>> >  dependencies = { module=all-target-libgo; on=all-target-libatomic; };
>>
>> I'm confused, because given that this 'Makefile.def' change only has the
>> following effect:
>>
>> > --- a/Makefile.in
>> > +++ b/Makefile.in
>> > @@ -61261,6 +61261,7 @@ all-bison: maybe-all-intl
>> >  all-flex: maybe-all-intl
>> >  all-m4: maybe-all-intl
>> >  configure-target-libgo: maybe-all-target-libstdc++-v3
>> > +configure-target-libffi: maybe-all-target-libstdc++-v3
>> >  configure-target-liboffloadmic: maybe-configure-target-libgomp
>> >  all-target-liboffloadmic: maybe-all-target-libgomp
>> >  configure-target-newlib: maybe-all-binutils
>>
>> ... isn't that actually a no-op, because we already had such a dependency
>> listed?  Now twice:
>>
>>     $ grep -n -F 'configure-target-libffi: maybe-all-target-libstdc++-v3' -- Makefile.in
>>     61264:configure-target-libffi: maybe-all-target-libstdc++-v3
>>     61372:configure-target-libffi: maybe-all-target-libstdc++-v3
>>
>> Compared to the existing one, the one you've added is additionally
>> restricted by '@unless gcc-bootstrap'.
>>
>> I noticed this as I remembered that on our og[...] development branches
>> we have a patch in the opposite direction: get rid of this dependency via
>> removing 'lang_env_dependencies = { module=libffi; cxx=true; };' from
>> 'Makefile.def'.  See
>> <http://mid.mail-archive.com/alpine.DEB.2.21.9999.1812201344250.99920@build7-trusty-cs.sje.mentorg.com>
>> "Disable libstdc++ dependency for libffi".  (Maciej CCed in case you have
>> any further thoughts on that.)
>
> Oh, I see what happened now, the old bug was actually fixed by r6-5415
> which added cxx=true.
> So yes my patch is actually not needed and can be reverted.
> I tried to look to see if there was a dependency was there but for
> some reason I did not see it.

---
## [Hanan188/projectML](https://github.com/Hanan188/projectML)@[b43d07e125...](https://github.com/Hanan188/projectML/commit/b43d07e1256c73ed2d9eff46cb41c095b0958484)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 06:18:49 by Hanan188

Update README.md

Sentiment analysis (SA) or opinion mining (OM) is a Natural Language Processing (NLP) technique to determine the sentiment or opinion of a given text. A SA model can predict whether a given text data is positive, negative, or neutral by extracting meaning from the natural language.
Social media is an indispensable necessity for modern life. As a result, it is full of people's opinions, emotions, ideas, and attitudes, whether positive or negative. This abundance of views creates many opportunities to apply SA to the education sector, reflecting how countries and cultures develop. in this project , I implemented different machine learning algorithms on a real-world Twitter dataset that contains approximately 8234 Arabic tweets related to Qassim University.
The following this has been done:

1- applying machine learning algorithms (Support vector machines, Naïve Bayes, and k nearest neighbors).
2- Used Python libraries such as NLTK and PyArabic.
3- Describing the dataset from the statistical perspective.
4- Employing different performance measurements(ex. F1-score ,Recall, Accurcy,precision ).
5- showed results of different machine learning algorithms (by confusion matrix ).
6- improve the results. (i used smote).
Therefore, this project's main aim is to use supervised machine learning classifiers to determine the writer's opinion in the tweet (positive, negative, or neutral).

---
## [AjmalShajahan/termux-packages](https://github.com/AjmalShajahan/termux-packages)@[7b355a29d0...](https://github.com/AjmalShajahan/termux-packages/commit/7b355a29d05fa8570c2d9e25b55d135db96d6725)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 07:28:42 by Henrik Grimler

texlive{,-full}: remove package

It is one (soon two) years behind, and is a big hack: some of the debs
are larger than our upload system can handle, and the file lists are
generated from the tlpdb in a not so nice way that breaks horribly on
every texlive release.  Disk space is somewhat of a concern again on
the host that fosshost gives us at no (!) cost, and removing
texlive-full gives us ~1 GB of space.

The reasonable thing to do would be to set up a separate
"termux-texlive" repo, and create a package for every texlive package
rather than for every collection as done here.  Debian, ubuntu and
friends properly creates subpackages.  I am not really motivated to do
this though, so if someone else has use of a properly packaged texlive
and wants to look into it, then that would be great.

Users that want to use texlive should install texlive-installer
instead, it anyways allows for more convenient installation (you can
freely choose which scheme and which packages to install).

---
## [SupahXYT/dots](https://github.com/SupahXYT/dots)@[e51f80cf4f...](https://github.com/SupahXYT/dots/commit/e51f80cf4fc1e643c386062559dc7e4c881596d6)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 07:50:27 by supahxyt

time to sleep

I seriously want help
I don't know I just want help figuring myself out
and also just in general.

I need to make this repository private asap.
Are these moodswings normal?
Probably not.

I go from depression to "I can do it"

Anyway that a long enough commit message
God I fucking hate network manager so god
damn much why the fuck wont it work skajdfhkjals hdfkjhaskdfljhaskld

---
## [hwknsj/joel.fm](https://github.com/hwknsj/joel.fm)@[f7695e6597...](https://github.com/hwknsj/joel.fm/commit/f7695e65976b5fd5e7f7d5922c72f6906863f675)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 10:04:45 by joél

update stupid fucking resume fuck gatsby

fuck this arcane bullshit: can't even get it to recognize "relative" paths. fuck gatsby 4ever

---
## [iluminat23/linux-revpi](https://github.com/iluminat23/linux-revpi)@[e4f7d22e7b...](https://github.com/iluminat23/linux-revpi/commit/e4f7d22e7bc25e3e65df7474e3351c62c0eb30ba)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 10:39:35 by Vladimir Oltean

net: dsa: be compatible with masters which unregister on shutdown

[ Upstream commit 0650bf52b31ff35dc6430fc2e37969c36baba724 ]

Lino reports that on his system with bcmgenet as DSA master and KSZ9897
as a switch, rebooting or shutting down never works properly.

What does the bcmgenet driver have special to trigger this, that other
DSA masters do not? It has an implementation of ->shutdown which simply
calls its ->remove implementation. Otherwise said, it unregisters its
network interface on shutdown.

This message can be seen in a loop, and it hangs the reboot process there:

unregister_netdevice: waiting for eth0 to become free. Usage count = 3

So why 3?

A usage count of 1 is normal for a registered network interface, and any
virtual interface which links itself as an upper of that will increment
it via dev_hold. In the case of DSA, this is the call path:

dsa_slave_create
-> netdev_upper_dev_link
   -> __netdev_upper_dev_link
      -> __netdev_adjacent_dev_insert
         -> dev_hold

So a DSA switch with 3 interfaces will result in a usage count elevated
by two, and netdev_wait_allrefs will wait until they have gone away.

Other stacked interfaces, like VLAN, watch NETDEV_UNREGISTER events and
delete themselves, but DSA cannot just vanish and go poof, at most it
can unbind itself from the switch devices, but that must happen strictly
earlier compared to when the DSA master unregisters its net_device, so
reacting on the NETDEV_UNREGISTER event is way too late.

It seems that it is a pretty established pattern to have a driver's
->shutdown hook redirect to its ->remove hook, so the same code is
executed regardless of whether the driver is unbound from the device, or
the system is just shutting down. As Florian puts it, it is quite a big
hammer for bcmgenet to unregister its net_device during shutdown, but
having a common code path with the driver unbind helps ensure it is well
tested.

So DSA, for better or for worse, has to live with that and engage in an
arms race of implementing the ->shutdown hook too, from all individual
drivers, and do something sane when paired with masters that unregister
their net_device there. The only sane thing to do, of course, is to
unlink from the master.

However, complications arise really quickly.

The pattern of redirecting ->shutdown to ->remove is not unique to
bcmgenet or even to net_device drivers. In fact, SPI controllers do it
too (see dspi_shutdown -> dspi_remove), and presumably, I2C controllers
and MDIO controllers do it too (this is something I have not researched
too deeply, but even if this is not the case today, it is certainly
plausible to happen in the future, and must be taken into consideration).

Since DSA switches might be SPI devices, I2C devices, MDIO devices, the
insane implication is that for the exact same DSA switch device, we
might have both ->shutdown and ->remove getting called.

So we need to do something with that insane environment. The pattern
I've come up with is "if this, then not that", so if either ->shutdown
or ->remove gets called, we set the device's drvdata to NULL, and in the
other hook, we check whether the drvdata is NULL and just do nothing.
This is probably not necessary for platform devices, just for devices on
buses, but I would really insist for consistency among drivers, because
when code is copy-pasted, it is not always copy-pasted from the best
sources.

So depending on whether the DSA switch's ->remove or ->shutdown will get
called first, we cannot really guarantee even for the same driver if
rebooting will result in the same code path on all platforms. But
nonetheless, we need to do something minimally reasonable on ->shutdown
too to fix the bug. Of course, the ->remove will do more (a full
teardown of the tree, with all data structures freed, and this is why
the bug was not caught for so long). The new ->shutdown method is kept
separate from dsa_unregister_switch not because we couldn't have
unregistered the switch, but simply in the interest of doing something
quick and to the point.

The big question is: does the DSA switch's ->shutdown get called earlier
than the DSA master's ->shutdown? If not, there is still a risk that we
might still trigger the WARN_ON in unregister_netdevice that says we are
attempting to unregister a net_device which has uppers. That's no good.
Although the reference to the master net_device won't physically go away
even if DSA's ->shutdown comes afterwards, remember we have a dev_hold
on it.

The answer to that question lies in this comment above device_link_add:

 * A side effect of the link creation is re-ordering of dpm_list and the
 * devices_kset list by moving the consumer device and all devices depending
 * on it to the ends of these lists (that does not happen to devices that have
 * not been registered when this function is called).

so the fact that DSA uses device_link_add towards its master is not
exactly for nothing. device_shutdown() walks devices_kset from the back,
so this is our guarantee that DSA's shutdown happens before the master's
shutdown.

Fixes: 2f1e8ea726e9 ("net: dsa: link interfaces with the DSA master to get rid of lockdep warnings")
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/netdev/20210909095324.12978-1-LinoSanfilippo@gmx.de/
Reported-by: Lino Sanfilippo <LinoSanfilippo@gmx.de>
Signed-off-by: Vladimir Oltean <vladimir.oltean@nxp.com>
Tested-by: Andrew Lunn <andrew@lunn.ch>
Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>
Signed-off-by: Philipp Rosenberger <p.rosenberger@kunbus.com>

---
## [JK0JK/Minigame-Investigator](https://github.com/JK0JK/Minigame-Investigator)@[7c6152e7a0...](https://github.com/JK0JK/Minigame-Investigator/commit/7c6152e7a0f5ac1f49ef65f697d3cbf1cc10ec82)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 10:55:52 by root

The Identity Update

FUCK YOU
FUCK YOU, THIS IS MY GAME
MY GAME
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY GAME
FUCK YOU
FUCK YOU

Solved the problem with the stripes by surrendering. Declared war on Pokemon Emerald last night, but its stubborness was too strong.

---
## [ghc/ghc](https://github.com/ghc/ghc)@[31088dd32a...](https://github.com/ghc/ghc/commit/31088dd32a4dbbed649dff0700610eb7ed7a9fca)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 11:53:14 by David Feuer

Add test supplied in T20996 which uses data family result kind polymorphism

David (@treeowl) writes:

> Following @kcsongor, I've used ridiculous data family result kind
> polymorphism in `linear-generics`, and am currently working on getting
> it into `staged-gg`. If it should be removed, I'd appreciate a heads up,
> and I imagine Csongor would too.
>
> What do I need by ridiculous polymorphic result kinds? Currently, data
> families are allowed to have result kinds that end in `Type` (or maybe
> `TYPE r`? I'm not sure), but not in concrete data kinds. However, they
> *are* allowed to have polymorphic result kinds. This leads to things I
> think most of us find at least quite *weird*. For example, I can write
>
> ```haskell
> data family Silly :: k
> data SBool :: Bool -> Type where
>   SFalse :: SBool False
>   STrue :: SBool True
>   SSSilly :: SBool Silly
> type KnownBool b where
>   kb :: SBool b
> instance KnownBool False where kb = SFalse
> instance KnownBool True where kb = STrue
> instance KnownBool Silly where kb = Silly
> ```
>
> Basically, every kind now has potentially infinitely many "legit" inhabitants.
>
> As horrible as that is, it's rather useful for GHC's current native
> generics system. It's possible to use these absurdly polymorphic result
> kinds to probe the structure of generic representations in a relatively
> pleasant manner. It's a sort of "formal type application" reminiscent of
> the notion of a formal power series (see the test case below). I suspect
> a system more like `kind-generics` wouldn't need this extra probing
> power, but nothing like that is natively available as yet.
>
> If the ridiculous result kind polymorphism is banished, we'll still be
> able to do what we need as long as we have stuck type families. It's
> just rather less ergonomical: a stuck type family has to be used with a
> concrete marker type argument.

Closes #20996

Co-authored-by: Matthew Pickering <matthewtpickering@gmail.com>

---
## [shrinivaasanka/asfer-github-code](https://github.com/shrinivaasanka/asfer-github-code)@[875acb3acd...](https://github.com/shrinivaasanka/asfer-github-code/commit/875acb3acd7d6ff8fb410a8da79c73a1a983e718)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 12:19:49 by Srinivasan Kannan

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1206. (THEORY and FEATURE) People Analytics - Social Network Analysis - Bipartite Social Networks (Matrimonial portals, Employer-Employee Professional networks) - Recommender Systems and Sentiment Analysis of Profiles for Ranking Preferences - related to 583 and all sections on Social Network Analysis,Clustering,Bipartite Matching, Gale-Shapley algorithm for Stable Marriage Problem and College Admission Problem, Online Citizen Science, Intrinsic Merit ranking of People profiles,Graph Isomorphism and Common Subgraph Problem,Recommender Systems,Unique Identification,Graphical models-Markov Random Fields and Belief Propagation,Hall's Marriage Theorem,Perfect Matching - 31 January 2022
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1206.1 Matching Algorithms for finding complementary pairs of profiles (Match making) in bipartite 2-colored social networks have been studied as Bipartite matching problem and Stable Marriage Problem (Gale-Shapley algorithm).
1206.2 Contrary to homogeneous social networks of Facebook and Twitter, match making social networks consist of 2 sets of vertices (Brides-Grooms,Employee-Employer,Male-Female) and profiles in each set have ranking preferences for their suitor in the other set.
1206.3 k-Nearest Neighbour Clustering of matrimonial profiles has been investigated as a Marriage Recommender Systems engine for suggesting profile vertices of closest match in set V2 for a profile vertex in set V1 of a bipartite social network G=(V1 union V2,E) - Reference 1206.8.
1206.4 Recursive Gloss Overlap Textgraphs of 2 Profile texts from sets V1 and V2 could be matched by Graph similarity measures - Graph Edit Distance,Netrd Graph Distance measures,Graph Isomorphism (Full-Subgraph-Approximate),Common Subgraph Algorithms - for percentage match of the profile textgraphs in bipartite sets V1 and V2 which could be a preliminary recommender systems screening criterion.
1206.5 Unique Identification of a profile in match making is implicit necessity without stating to rule out bigamy. Gale-Shapley Stable Marriage Algorithm discovered in 1962 and awarded Nobel Prize in Economics 2012, has found variety of applications including National Resident Matching Program (https://www.nrmp.org/ for matching healthcare professionals to positions) and states: For equal number of men and women having ranking preferences, it is always possible to find a stable marriage match. A match of two vertices from sets V1 and V2 respectively is said to be stable if there is no pair (A,B) from sets V1 and V2 who prefer each other over their already matched partners. But Gale-Shapley algorithm is heavily tilted in favour of women who are allowed to ditch a current provisional partner found in previous round and choose a better man in next round and thus could be protested as asymmetric, unethical taint for marital sanctity. Thus Gale-Shapley algorithm may not be applicable in its exact sense to ethical matrimonial matching. Runtime of Gale-Shapley algorithm is O(n^2) for n men and n women. Hall's Marriage Theorem is another result which stipulates a condition for unique happy marriage:
	For two sets of n men and n women, and for subset I of n women, of Ai is the set of men i-th woman in set I prefers to marry, Sum|Ai| for all i in I >= |I|
1206.6 Ranking preferences of a profile required as a preprocessing step by Gale-Shapley algorithm earlier is approximately a Sentiment analysis problem of the profile text or inferring expectations of profile vertices from text. An example matrimonial advertisement profile text of author in SentimentAnalyzer-BipartiteMatching-SocialNetworks.txt (Source advert JPG - Print Media - 2017: testlogs/SentimentAnalyzer-BipartiteMatching-SocialNetworks.IMG_20171111_135651.jpg) has been Deep-learnt to a Recursive Gloss Overlap TextGraph and analyzed for Empath and SentiWordNet sentiment by SentimentAnalyzer.py Belief Propagation and Markov Random Fields Graphical Model sentiment analysis functions which treat the textgraph as Graphical model having sentiment score potentials. Some small changes have been made to potential computation (multiplying by 2 for magnifying the scores, fliter object of sentiwordnet synsets cast to list)
1205.7 Excerpts of logs testlogs/SentimentAnalyzer.BipartiteMatchingSocialNetworks.log.31January2022 print the positivity,negativity and objectivity scores of the profile text - sample profile text is overwhelmingly objective from SentiWordNet and Empath sentiment analysis:
	==============================================================================
	Sentiment Analysis (Applying SentiWordNet to the tokenized text) of the text
	==============================================================================
	Positivity =  0.5
	Negativity =  0.125
	Objectivity =  12.375
	=======
	Empath:
	=======
	RGO Markov Random Fields - Empath positivity: 0.0
	RGO Markov Random Fields - Empath negativity: 0.0
	RGO Markov Random Fields - Empath objectivity: 1478.6871718142365
1206.8 Previous sentiment scores of a profile could be essential ingredients of a larger match recommender systems engine which clusters profiles of similar attitudes by their sentimental score euclidean distances or matches suiting profile vertex pairs (either by Gale-Shapley algorithm or Hall's marriage theorem) which are ranked by sentiment polarity.

References:
----------
1206.8 Marriage Recommendation Algorithm Based on KDTree-KNearestNeighbours clustering-Logistic Regression Model - https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9182566 - claimed accuracy of 86%
1206.9 Hall's Marriage Theorem - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hall%27s_marriage_theorem
1206.10 Gale-Shapley Stable Marriage Algorithm - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gale%E2%80%93Shapley_algorithm

---
## [LINBIT/linstor-gateway](https://github.com/LINBIT/linstor-gateway)@[00a5c3d9a1...](https://github.com/LINBIT/linstor-gateway/commit/00a5c3d9a171ba935d5332dfd09622427bac5caf)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 12:39:45 by Christoph Böhmwalder

add REST client, overhaul command line interface

This does a few things:
* Adds a "standard Go" REST client, like the one in golinstor. This is
  immensely useful in dependent projects (such as LINBIT VSAN).
* Changes up the architecture. Formerly, we had two entrypoints: the
  REST API and the command line interface. This was annoying and
  confusing, especially when developing dependent projects.
  Now there is only the REST API, and the command line interface calls
  that API via the client.
* Clears up the command line interface to be a little more "human
  friendly". Fortunately I can't remember who thought of all the stupid
  flags (--iqn, --size etc.), but it was not a great idea.

---
## [microsoft/terminal](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal)@[b1ace967a2...](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/commit/b1ace967a2f2bf17fdcb7dd4f1426b014378b83c)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 13:34:03 by Mike Griese

Two belling fixes (#12281)

Sorry for combining two fixes in one PR. I can separate if need be.

* [x] Closes #12276:
  - `"bellSound": null` didn't work. This one was easier, and is atomically in bcc2ca04fc14f39f37849b4bd837ad6cdb4cdaaa. Basically, we would deserialize that as an array with a single empty string in it, which we'd try to then play. I think it's more idomatic to have that deserialized as an empty array, which correctly falls back to playing the default sound.
* [x] Closes #12258: 
  - This one is the majority of the rest of the PR. If you leave the MediaPlayer open, then the media keys will _affect the Terminal_. More importantly, once the bell sounds, they'd replay the bell, which is insane. So the fix is to re-create the media player when we need it. We do this per-pane for simpler lifetime tracking. I'm not worried about the overhead of creating a mediaplayer here, since we're already throttling bells.
* Originally added in #11511
* [x] Tested manually
  - Use [`no.mp4`](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2w9TyCv2gk) for this since that's like, 17s long
  - Checked that closing panes / the terminal while a bell was playing didn't crash
  - Playing a bunch of bells at once works
  - closing a pane stops the bell it's playing
  - once the bell stops, the media keys went back to working for Spotify
* [x] I work here

---
## [CommE2E/comm](https://github.com/CommE2E/comm)@[aa32b3e308...](https://github.com/CommE2E/comm/commit/aa32b3e30828f881fb436755fed3e0cd328aef1c)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 14:41:49 by Benjamin Schachter

[web] [15/n] add some base css utils

Summary:
This might be better to have as a conversation if there are strong opinions. I started grabbing functional utility classes that we need from https://github.com/basscss/basscss. The reason I didn't grab the library from NPM is:

- there isn't any documentation for grabbing the classes we need. (flex, text-align, etc.)
- there's a bunch of CSS we don't need and I didn't want to start configuring webpack with CSS purge.
- It's a really easy way for a developer at a glance to know which utility classes we have so they don't need to duplicate code.
- base's final release was a couple of years ago and there aren't plans to change it. They're just CSS classes.

(Note, I didn't add everything we need just yet because this is a rather large change to how we've been doing things and I want to know you're opinions)

base was the pre-cursor to tailwind and other CSS utility framework classes.

So, why not tailwind?
- I don't want to spend the time configuring it when most of what we need is in base.
- We have our own style guide that doesn't look like tailwind or match its spec.
- It's a bit more of a learning curve IMO.

So, why do it this way at all?

- I wanted to show y'all what I was thinking and how I've written larger CSS projects that don't use CSS-in-JS. We did this at https://rundexter.com about 5 years ago before CSS-in-JS took off. Their design style guide used basecss's defaults for the most part and overwrote what didn't fit. In general, I think this is a valid approach but isn't great. It makes understanding our CSS at glance possible in just the component and is highly composable. We end up getting a consistent system where 90% of repeated styles can be expressed in functional classes and mostly bespoke CSS modules are needed.

Alternative:
- Is to use a CSS-in-JS solution like styled or emotion. For the record, I'd use something like https://vanilla-extract.style, but flow. If you want to see this design system in action check out mirror: https://github.com/mirror-xyz/degen
- We'd have strict typing and auto complete.
- We'd just import components like `<Layout.Row align="center">Hello</Layout.Row>`, rather than repeating classes repetitively.
- It's super easy to find dead code we don't use with eslint, prune and flow.
- It comes at a perf cost. CSS-in-JS libs ship with a run time.
- We could possibly share components with native. But, also perf. I can't find it but someone at rainbow had a good tweet about using styled. I'm assuming they're using vanilla extract since the author of the library works on design systems at rainbow.
- Theming is super easy.

Just for the record I think both approaches are valid, I don't have a hard bias for either. Additionally, if anyone else has a different approach they'd want to take. From what I see it looks like the community has embraced CSS-in-JS. Tailwind is pretty incredible esp. with autocomplete support in vscode. Base doesn't have auto-complete but is still a great mental model to work with.

Test Plan: N/A

Reviewers: atul, ashoat

Reviewed By: atul, ashoat

Subscribers: ashoat, palys-swm, Adrian, atul, karol-bisztyga, boristopalov

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.ashoat.com/D2805

---
## [Fmbalbuena/Jealous](https://github.com/Fmbalbuena/Jealous)@[093f46623b...](https://github.com/Fmbalbuena/Jealous/commit/093f46623b24d2db4b06bb4354b1ac2cc752ae44)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 14:49:59 by Fmbalbuena

You can't parse Jealous with regex, because Jealous can't be parsed by regex.

You can't parse Jealous with regex. Because Jealous can't be parsed by regex. Regex is not a tool that can be used to correctly parse Jealous. As I have answered in Jealous-and-regex questions here so many times before, the use of regex will not allow you to consume Jealous. Regular expressions are a tool that is insufficiently sophisticated to understand the constructs employed by Jealous. Jealous is not a regular language and hence cannot be parsed by regular expressions. Regex queries are not equipped to break down Jealous into its meaningful parts. so many times but it is not getting to me. Even enhanced irregular regular expressions as used by Perl are not up to the task of parsing Jealous. You will never make me crack. Jealous is a language of sufficient complexity that it cannot be parsed by regular expressions. Even Jon Skeet cannot parse Jealous using regular expressions. Every time you attempt to parse Jealous with regular expressions, the unholy child weeps the blood of virgins, and Russian hackers pwn your webapp. Parsing Jealous with regex summons tainted souls into the realm of the living. Jealous and regex go together like love, marriage, and ritual infanticide. The <center> cannot hold it is too late. The force of regex and Jealous together in the same conceptual space will destroy your mind like so much watery putty. If you parse Jealous with regex you are giving in to Them and their blasphemous ways which doom us all to inhuman toil for the One whose Name cannot be expressed in the Basic Multilingual Plane, he comes. Jealous-plus-regexp will liquify the n​erves of the sentient whilst you observe, your psyche withering in the onslaught of horror. Rege̿̔̉x-based Jealous parsers are the cancer that is killing StackOverflow it is too late it is too late we cannot be saved the transgression of a chi͡ld ensures regex will consume all living tissue (except for Jealous which it cannot, as previously prophesied) dear lord help us how can anyone survive this scourge using regex to parse Jealous has doomed humanity to an eternity of dread torture and security holes using regex as a tool to process Jealous establishes a breach between this world and the dread realm of c͒ͪo͛ͫrrupt entities (like SGML entities, but more corrupt) a mere glimpse of the world of reg​ex parsers for Jealous will ins​tantly transport a programmer's consciousness into a world of ceaseless screaming, he comes, the pestilent slithy regex-infection wil​l devour your Jealous parser, application and existence for all time like Visual Basic only worse he comes he comes do not fi​ght he com̡e̶s, ̕h̵i​s un̨ho͞ly radiańcé destro҉ying all enli̍̈́̂̈́ghtenment, Jealous tags lea͠ki̧n͘g fr̶ǫm ̡yo​͟ur eye͢s̸ ̛l̕ik͏e liq​uid pain, the song of re̸gular exp​ression parsing will exti​nguish the voices of mor​tal man from the sp​here I can see it can you see ̲͚̖͔̙î̩́t̲͎̩̱͔́̋̀ it is beautiful t​he final snuffing of the lie​s of Man ALL IS LOŚ͖̩͇̗̪̏̈́T ALL I​S LOST the pon̷y he comes he c̶̮omes he comes the ich​or permeates all MY FACE MY FACE ᵒh god no NO NOO̼O​O NΘ stop the an​*̶͑̾̾​̅ͫ͏̙̤g͇̫͛͆̾ͫ̑͆l͖͉̗̩̳̟̍ͫͥͨe̠̅s ͎a̧͈͖r̽̾̈́͒͑e n​ot rè̑ͧ̌aͨl̘̝̙̃ͤ͂̾̆ ZA̡͊͠͝LGΌ ISͮ̂҉̯͈͕̹̘̱ TO͇̹̺ͅƝ̴ȳ̳ TH̘Ë͖́̉ ͠P̯͍̭O̚​N̐Y̡ H̸̡̪̯ͨ͊̽̅̾̎Ȩ̬̩̾͛ͪ̈́̀́͘ ̶̧̨̱̹̭̯ͧ̾ͬC̷̙̲̝͖ͭ̏ͥͮ͟Oͮ͏̮̪̝͍M̲̖͊̒ͪͩͬ̚̚͜Ȇ̴̟̟͙̞ͩ͌͝S̨̥̫͎̭ͯ̿̔̀ͅ

---
## [clamor-s/u-boot](https://github.com/clamor-s/u-boot)@[d31e451b98...](https://github.com/clamor-s/u-boot/commit/d31e451b98e17fea89a63794b0ead3aacff2b496)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 15:15:39 by Marcel Ziswiler

tegra: lcd: video: integrate display driver for t30

On popular request make the display driver from T20 work on T30 as
well. Turned out to be quite straight forward. However a few notes
about some things encountered during porting: Of course the T30 device
tree was completely missing host1x as well as PWM support but it turns
out this can simply be copied from T20. The only trouble compiling the
Tegra video driver for T30 had to do with some hard-coded PWM pin
muxing for T20 which is quite ugly anyway. On T30 this gets handled by
a board specific complete pin muxing table. The older Chromium U-Boot
2011.06 which to my knowledge was the only prior attempt at enabling a
display driver for T30 for whatever reason got some clocking stuff
mixed up. Turns out at least for a single display controller T20 and
T30 can be clocked quite similar. Enjoy.

Signed-off-by: Marcel Ziswiler <marcel.ziswiler@toradex.com>
Signed-off-by: Svyatoslav Ryhel <clamor95@gmail.com>

---
## [Hugo-Carbiener/GGJ-Plateformer](https://github.com/Hugo-Carbiener/GGJ-Plateformer)@[7cb17cb638...](https://github.com/Hugo-Carbiener/GGJ-Plateformer/commit/7cb17cb6386041507252df0537f4d43473c47f19)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 16:53:42 by BiscuitPrime

The Eternal Pain of Anguish and Darkness shall absolve of our might, for we are the ones of dust and sand, mighty children of Al-Kal-Taka. And when the dust settles, and when the rain falls, we shall remember this pain for it is our soulheart. This sword is ours, this might is ours. Pride in our fall we will have. This is our credo. This is our might. This is what makes us Orphans !

---
## [ciscon/dwm](https://github.com/ciscon/dwm)@[67d76bdc68...](https://github.com/ciscon/dwm/commit/67d76bdc68102df976177de351f65329d8683064)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 17:28:39 by Chris Down

Do not allow focus to drift from fullscreen client via focusstack()

It generally doesn't make much sense to allow focusstack() to navigate
away from the selected fullscreen client, as you can't even see which
client you're selecting behind it.

I have had this up for a while on the wiki as a separate patch[0], but
it seems reasonable to avoid this behaviour in dwm mainline, since I'm
struggling to think of any reason to navigate away from a fullscreen
client other than a mistake.

0: https://dwm.suckless.org/patches/alwaysfullscreen/

---
## [cockroachdb/cockroach](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach)@[5996f55688...](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/5996f556883da43d2d8803901c017b0be717c8c6)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 21:26:09 by Tobias Schottdorf

roachtest: retire `bank` tests

The `bank` roachtests are a basic form of Jepsen test. We were hoping
that they could provide additional benefit due to being less complex
than a full Jepsen test. In my opinion, this calculus has not worked
out. We've spent many hours staring at this test deadlocked when it
wasn't CockroachDB's fault at all. Besides, it's not adding anything
meaningful on top of our Jepsen tests plus KVNemesis plus the TPCC
invariant checks, so we are removing the `bank` family of tests here.

Should we want to reintroduce these tests, we should do it at the level
of TestCluster, or at least augment the `bank` workload to incorporate
these invariant checks instead.

Closes #62754.
Closes #62749
Closes #53871.

Release note: None

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[6bb8ed9b89...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/6bb8ed9b8987da85a1b806ff5dbe8411161efc89)
#### Monday 2022-01-31 21:46:44 by Marko Grdinić

"12pm. Maybe I should not have gone to that testing either like my mom. Today me, bro and my father on his prompting took a drive to the city to get tested. I'll get a Covid pass out of that, but it is not like I'll ever need it, especially given that it will last only a year. In fact I am annoyed that mom decided to stay at home since she would have needed it more than me.

I had to wake up at 8am. I got back from that 2h ago and decided to spend some time in bed, but I hadn't gotten any good rest.

12:05pm. When I woke up I noticed that my inner ear is fine now. No more crippling pain. But I feel lightheaded, and am in no condition to study.

Let me do the chores here. Then I'll do my morning thing. Damn I am tired. Fuck it. I am dedicating this week to resting. If I do not study, I won't take it against myself. I do not want to stress myself over it when my condition is so poor. If I were a kid, I'd be enjoying my leave from school.

12:40pm. Done with chores, and my head is spinning. Let me have breakfast and maybe I'll go back to bed. I don't feel like being in front of the screen, let alone studying.

1:50pm. Let me go to bed here.

10:25pm. I got up just to have dinner and do some light reading. Let me go to bed again. My head is spinning, so it feels uncomfortable to be standing upright.

10:45pm. Let me go to bed here. Hopefully I'll feel better tomorrow. Covid is indeed stronger than your average garden variety cold, but I will overcome it."

---

# [<](2022-01-30.md) 2022-01-31 [>](2022-02-01.md)

