# [<](2022-01-10.md) 2022-01-11 [>](2022-01-12.md)

1,787,050 events recorded by [gharchive.org](https://www.gharchive.org/) of which 1,787,050 were push events containing 2,753,522 commit messages that amount to 227,281,921 characters filtered with [words.py@e23d022007...](https://github.com/defgsus/good-github/blob/e23d022007992279f9bcb3a9fd40126629d787e2/src/words.py) to these 21 messages:


## [henricaodopao1/kernel-to-flash-to-use-to-report-unexistent-bugs-to-feed-to-sleep-to-talk-to](https://github.com/henricaodopao1/kernel-to-flash-to-use-to-report-unexistent-bugs-to-feed-to-sleep-to-talk-to)@[3cc01d8f25...](https://github.com/henricaodopao1/kernel-to-flash-to-use-to-report-unexistent-bugs-to-feed-to-sleep-to-talk-to/commit/3cc01d8f2594067c85ce706553af5cf4aa2b03f0)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 02:11:08 by Dave Chiluk

sched/fair: Fix low cpu usage with high throttling by removing expiration of cpu-local slices

commit de53fd7aedb100f03e5d2231cfce0e4993282425 upstream.

It has been observed, that highly-threaded, non-cpu-bound applications
running under cpu.cfs_quota_us constraints can hit a high percentage of
periods throttled while simultaneously not consuming the allocated
amount of quota. This use case is typical of user-interactive non-cpu
bound applications, such as those running in kubernetes or mesos when
run on multiple cpu cores.

This has been root caused to cpu-local run queue being allocated per cpu
bandwidth slices, and then not fully using that slice within the period.
At which point the slice and quota expires. This expiration of unused
slice results in applications not being able to utilize the quota for
which they are allocated.

The non-expiration of per-cpu slices was recently fixed by
'commit 512ac999d275 ("sched/fair: Fix bandwidth timer clock drift
condition")'. Prior to that it appears that this had been broken since
at least 'commit 51f2176d74ac ("sched/fair: Fix unlocked reads of some
cfs_b->quota/period")' which was introduced in v3.16-rc1 in 2014. That
added the following conditional which resulted in slices never being
expired.

if (cfs_rq->runtime_expires != cfs_b->runtime_expires) {
	/* extend local deadline, drift is bounded above by 2 ticks */
	cfs_rq->runtime_expires += TICK_NSEC;

Because this was broken for nearly 5 years, and has recently been fixed
and is now being noticed by many users running kubernetes
(https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/67577) it is my opinion
that the mechanisms around expiring runtime should be removed
altogether.

This allows quota already allocated to per-cpu run-queues to live longer
than the period boundary. This allows threads on runqueues that do not
use much CPU to continue to use their remaining slice over a longer
period of time than cpu.cfs_period_us. However, this helps prevent the
above condition of hitting throttling while also not fully utilizing
your cpu quota.

This theoretically allows a machine to use slightly more than its
allotted quota in some periods. This overflow would be bounded by the
remaining quota left on each per-cpu runqueueu. This is typically no
more than min_cfs_rq_runtime=1ms per cpu. For CPU bound tasks this will
change nothing, as they should theoretically fully utilize all of their
quota in each period. For user-interactive tasks as described above this
provides a much better user/application experience as their cpu
utilization will more closely match the amount they requested when they
hit throttling. This means that cpu limits no longer strictly apply per
period for non-cpu bound applications, but that they are still accurate
over longer timeframes.

This greatly improves performance of high-thread-count, non-cpu bound
applications with low cfs_quota_us allocation on high-core-count
machines. In the case of an artificial testcase (10ms/100ms of quota on
80 CPU machine), this commit resulted in almost 30x performance
improvement, while still maintaining correct cpu quota restrictions.
That testcase is available at https://github.com/indeedeng/fibtest.

Fixes: 512ac999d275 ("sched/fair: Fix bandwidth timer clock drift condition")
Signed-off-by: Dave Chiluk <chiluk+linux@indeed.com>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Reviewed-by: Phil Auld <pauld@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Ben Segall <bsegall@google.com>
Cc: Ingo Molnar <mingo@redhat.com>
Cc: John Hammond <jhammond@indeed.com>
Cc: Jonathan Corbet <corbet@lwn.net>
Cc: Kyle Anderson <kwa@yelp.com>
Cc: Gabriel Munos <gmunoz@netflix.com>
Cc: Peter Oskolkov <posk@posk.io>
Cc: Cong Wang <xiyou.wangcong@gmail.com>
Cc: Brendan Gregg <bgregg@netflix.com>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/1563900266-19734-2-git-send-email-chiluk+linux@indeed.com
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Ratoriku <a1063021545@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Peppe289 <gsperanza204@gmail.com>

---
## [renji-3/LightGrailed](https://github.com/renji-3/LightGrailed)@[5667d30564...](https://github.com/renji-3/LightGrailed/commit/5667d305641e2296122e5ff03d652c2552df0e69)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 04:13:07 by Ren Guidolin

holy fucking shit i pulled 100 times why wont you let me fucking commit

---
## [glochtefeld/5e-srd-db](https://github.com/glochtefeld/5e-srd-db)@[df2d66c172...](https://github.com/glochtefeld/5e-srd-db/commit/df2d66c17272a7a23dd211150264fab096f8cb67)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 04:14:16 by Gavin Lochtefeld

Renamed gear tables to item tables.

Might revert, honestly. But what I'm thinking about is representing inventories in such a way that armor, weapons, gear, magic items, etc are somehow all represented on the same screen. Maybe better not to try and have them joined in the same table per se, but something like (characterID, itemID, quantity) and separate ones for more 'active' gear. Just thoughts.

---
## [kane-f/vgstation13](https://github.com/kane-f/vgstation13)@[622f3fac2b...](https://github.com/kane-f/vgstation13/commit/622f3fac2b24476f23d8c9ebfae2dba5e371a3cc)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 14:14:14 by ShiftyRail

The Thing Before Christmas (#31715)

I thought this was a good way to spice up the winter season.
While I know Ling was removed for a reason, I want you to consider that it got removed years ago. It is fair to say that the playerbase and the game changed so much since then than a "tabula rasa" might be justified.

Besides, ling had deathsting removed and its obnoxious chemical stings axxed too. (#23014)
From a QoL standpoint, the stings have been converted to spells and should be as easy to use as the vampire ones.

As a final note, it's painstaingly true that ling is the least worked over of all our antags and is in dire need of some love and new content. However, this content can only come if people experience ling first-hand and get motivated to fix it.

Worse come to worse, we remove it again lole

Merry Christmas everyone.

:cl:
- rscadd: Santa Claus is coming to town. More specifically, he's coming to Antartica. Wait, he was already here all this time? And why does he look so familiar... OH GOD HELP

---
## [lucaswerkmeister/wikibase-termbox](https://github.com/lucaswerkmeister/wikibase-termbox)@[e23eadae3f...](https://github.com/lucaswerkmeister/wikibase-termbox/commit/e23eadae3f8b84317afec253d93260831769756e)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 14:54:29 by Lucas Werkmeister

NOTE TO 2022 SELF

You made it to 2022! \o/ Hope everything’s alright (:

Pre-holiday break, I worked my way through the unit tests, and fixed all
the ones except the SSR-related ones. (This includes, I believe,
component test files that crash immediately when importing an ssr
package that no longer exists, but which should be green now if you
comment out that import and skip the SSR tests.)

So now SSR is the biggest thing left to figure out in the migration.
There are several branches; if I remember correctly, you want to ignore
sketch-vue-3-ssr (a barebones approach without a bundle renderer – but
Vite seems to be quite close to the bundle renderer approach, so we
probably don’t actually want to abandon that) as well as
wip-vue-bundle-renderer (just an older version of another branch, I
don’t actually remember how it differs), and get started with
wip-vue-bundle-renderer-2, after rebasing it of course. And speaking of
branches, wip-component-directives is probably good to delete as well,
the first commit (“proper object”) is already on master and the other
shouldn’t be needed anymore.

Storybook also still needs to be done. I think that wasn’t actually
blocked on anything, I just put it aside in favor of the unit tests. So
maybe that could be done before SSR, idk.

And then at some point you need to figure out how the hell this is going
to go on Gerrit, I’m afraid. I don’t know if it’ll be possible to have
this split into several, smaller commit, or if it’ll have to be a
relatively large, hard-to-review commit :|

Change-Id: I05f676330541e4e4b2039c763a4a82783b26d784

---
## [MaxlionButMyNameIsTakenSoThisIsmyName/EVHfnfmod](https://github.com/MaxlionButMyNameIsTakenSoThisIsmyName/EVHfnfmod)@[60bb9596e2...](https://github.com/MaxlionButMyNameIsTakenSoThisIsmyName/EVHfnfmod/commit/60bb9596e2d5171d01dd98a6a96a7f59b1f73d95)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 14:56:43 by agmas

We're waiting every night To finally roam and invite Newcomers to play with us For many years we've been all alone We're forced to be still and play The same songs we've known since that day An imposter took our life away Now we're stuck here to decay Please let us get in! Don't lock us away! We're not like what you're thinking We're poor little souls Who have lost all control And we're forced here to take that role We've been all alone Stuck in our little zone Since 1987 Join us, be our friend Or just be stuck and defend After all you only got Five Nights at Freddy's Is this where you want to be? I just don't get it Why do you want to stay? Five Nights at Freddy's Is this where you want to be? I just don't get it Why do you want to stay? Five nights at Freddy's, oh We're really quite surprised We get to see you another night You should have looked for another job You should have said to this place good-bye It's like there's so much more Maybe you've been in this place before We remember a face like yours You seem acquainted with those doors Please let us get in! Don't lock us away! We're not like what you're thinking We're poor little souls Who have lost all control And we're forced here to take that role We've been all alone Stuck in our little zone Since 1987 Join us, be our friend Or just be stuck and defend After all you only got Five Nights at Freddy's Is this where you want to be? I just don't get it Why do you want to stay Five Nights at Freddy's? Is this where you want to be? I just don't get it Why do you want to stay Five Nights at Freddy's?

---
## [arkaslittlemind/Competitive-Programming](https://github.com/arkaslittlemind/Competitive-Programming)@[d953bef3e5...](https://github.com/arkaslittlemind/Competitive-Programming/commit/d953bef3e5ec904e669cccaeee06f3105b1d89eb)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 16:18:46 by Arkadipta Mojumder

Create E. Masha-forgetful.cpp

Masha meets a new friend and learns his phone number — s. She wants to remember it as soon as possible. The phone number — is a string of length m that consists of digits from 0 to 9

. The phone number may start with 0.

Masha already knows n
phone numbers (all numbers have the same length m). It will be easier for her to remember a new number if the s is represented as segments of numbers she already knows. Each such segment must be of length at least 2

, otherwise there will be too many segments and Masha will get confused.

For example, Masha needs to remember the number: s=
'12345678' and she already knows n=4 numbers: '12340219', '20215601', '56782022', '12300678'. You can represent s as a 3 segment: '1234' of number one, '56' of number two, and '78' of number three. There are other ways to represent s

Masha asks you for help, she asks you to break the string s
into segments of length 2 or more of the numbers she already knows. If there are several possible answers, print any of them.

---
## [noiseless/mpv](https://github.com/noiseless/mpv)@[f4e89dde36...](https://github.com/noiseless/mpv/commit/f4e89dde36644edec7d09856ac83140317f0b687)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 16:24:38 by Dudemanguy

wayland: simplify render loop

This is actually a very nice simplification that should have been
thought of years ago (sue me). In a nutshell, the story with the
wayland code is that the frame callback and swap buffer behavior doesn't
fit very well with mpv's rendering loop. It's been refactored/changed
quite a few times over the years and works well enough but things could
be better. The current iteration works with an external swapchain to
check if we have frame callback before deciding whether or not to
render. This logic was implemented in both egl and vulkan.

This does have its warts however. There's some hidden state detection
logic which works but is kind of ugly. Since wayland doesn't allow
clients to know if they are actually visible (questionable but
whatever), you can just reasonably assume that if a bunch of callbacks
are missed in a row, you're probably not visible. That's fine, but it is
indeed less than ideal since the threshold is basically entirely
arbitrary and mpv does do a few wasteful renders before it decides that
the window is actually hidden.

The biggest urk in the vo_wayland_wait_frame is the use of
wl_display_roundtrip. Wayland developers would probably be offended by
the way mpv abuses that function, but essentially it was a way to have
semi-blocking behavior needed for display-resample to work. Since the
swap interval must be 0 on wayland (otherwise it will block the entire
player's rendering loop), we need some other way to wait on vsync. The
idea here was to dispatch and poll a bunch of wayland events, wait (with
a timeout) until we get frame callback, and then wait for the compositor
to process it. That pretty much perfectly waits on vsync and lets us
keep all the good timings and all that jazz that we want for mpv. The
problem is that wl_display_roundtrip is conceptually a bad function. It
can internally call wl_display_dispatch which in certain instances,
empty event queue, will block forever. Now strictly speaking, this
probably will never, ever happen (once I was able to to trigger it by
hardcoding an error into a compositor), but ideally
vo_wayland_wait_frame should never infinitely block and stall the
player. Unfortunately, removing that function always lead to problems
with timings and unsteady vsync intervals so it survived many refactors.

Until now, of course. In wayland, the ideal is to never do wasteful
rendering (i.e. don't render if the window isn't visible). Instead of
wrestling around with hidden states and possible missed vblanks, let's
rearrange the wayland rendering logic so we only ever draw a frame when
the frame callback is returned to use (within a reasonable timeout to
avoid blocking forever).

This slight rearrangement of the wait allows for several simplifications
to be made. Namely, wl_display_roundtrip stops being needed. Instead, we
can rely entirely on totally nonblocking calls (dispatch_pending, flush,
and so on). We still need to poll the fd here to actually get the frame
callback event from the compositor, but there's no longer any reason to
do extra waiting. As soon as we get the callback, we immediately draw.
This works quite well and has stable vsync (display-resample and audio).
Additionally, all of the logic about hidden states is no longer needed.
If vo_wayland_wait_frame times out, it's okay to assume immediately that
the window is not visible and skip rendering.

Unfortunately, there's one limitation on this new approach. It will only
work correctly if the compositor implements presentation time. That
means a reduced version of the old way still has to be carried around in
vo_wayland_wait_frame. So if the compositor has no presentation time,
then we are forced to use wl_display_roundtrip and juggle some funny
assumptions about whether or not the window is hidden or not. Plasma is
the only real notable compositor without presentation time at this stage
so perhaps this "legacy" mechanism could be removed in the future.

---
## [BrandonJorgen/Cavalry](https://github.com/BrandonJorgen/Cavalry)@[8e19558b60...](https://github.com/BrandonJorgen/Cavalry/commit/8e19558b6069b2168b8085b092b2b022e027e673)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 16:28:08 by Brandon

Wwise sucks, all my homies hate Wwise. Now FMOD is my new best friend :)

---
## [seberg/numpy](https://github.com/seberg/numpy)@[038d69ca62...](https://github.com/seberg/numpy/commit/038d69ca627a4b4d3c48850cc515d2c4c8d5ba97)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 17:40:05 by Sebastian Berg

BUG: Fix that reducelikes honour out always (and live int he future)

Reducelikes should have lived in the future where the `out` dtype
is correctly honoured always and used as one of the *inputs*.
However, when legacy fallback occurs, this leads to problems because
the legacy code path has 0-D fallbacks.

There are two probable solutions to this:
* Live with weird value-based stuff here even though it was never
  actually better especially for reducelikes.
  (enforce value-based promotion)
* Avoid value based promotion completely.

This does the second one, using a terrible hack by just mutating
the dimension of `out` to tell the resolvers that value-based logic
cannot be used.

Is that hack safe?  Yes, so long nobody has super-crazy custom type
resolvers (the only one I know is pyerfa and they are fine, PyGEOS
I think has no custom type resolver).
It also relies on the GIL of course, but...

The future? We need to ditch this value-based stuff, do annoying
acrobatics with dynamically created DType classes, or something similar
(so ditching seems best, it is topping my TODO list currently).

Testing this is tricky, running the test:
```
python runtests.py -t numpy/core/tests/test_ufunc.py::TestUfunc::test_reducelike_out_promotes
```
triggers it, but because reducelikes do not enforce value-based promotion
the failure can be "hidden" (which is why the test succeeds in a full test
run).

Closes gh-20739

---
## [gentoo/sci](https://github.com/gentoo/sci)@[d016c223d9...](https://github.com/gentoo/sci/commit/d016c223d9e994ce2b650a48dd78b9e4089e2725)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 19:00:12 by Andrew Ammerlaan

sci-mathematics/scilab-bin: add version 6.1.1

I officially give up on making a non-bin ebuild. There are several problems:

1. The java dependencies are extremely difficult because of packaging systems
that portage does not support (gralde, maven etc). We can hack around this
as we did in dev-java/lucene::sci, but that is *a lot* of work, for a lot of
dependencies that has to be redone on each version bump.
We can solve this problem by getting the pre-compiled java dependencies from
https://github.com/scilab/scilab-prerequirements. However....

2. Scilab requires versions of libraries that we do not package any more in
::gentoo (e.g. hdf5). And adding and maintaining ebuilds for those old libraries
is too much work.

3. If we take *only* the java stuff from scilab/scilab-prerequirements, build
fails (likely incompatibility with certain versions of some non-java libraries,
see 2.)

4. If we take *all* of scilab/scilab-prerequirements build still fails (with
a different error this time).

5. The amount of scilab dependencies that are being last-rited and I therefore
have to move to ::science to keep the dependencies resolving is increasing.
Scilab is the number 1 cause of ::science breaking at the moment.

Long story short, please enjoy this pre-compiled binary ebuild that actually
works and will save us all a lot of headache.

Closes: https://bugs.gentoo.org/237572
Closes: https://bugs.gentoo.org/691272
Closes: https://github.com/gentoo/sci/issues/879
Closes: https://github.com/gentoo/sci/issues/774
Package-Manager: Portage-3.0.30, Repoman-3.0.3
Signed-off-by: Andrew Ammerlaan <andrewammerlaan@gentoo.org>

---
## [i3roly/glibc_ddwrt](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt)@[d278e8a755...](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt/commit/d278e8a7553f62a397452bcc8af485b6633c7c1a)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 19:29:47 by gagan sidhu

v48083. some tweaks to wifi status. "why work when you can autotune?" - randy marsh

- still on kernel 4.14.260. i forgot to pull the latest version before
  building, but it doesn't matter. next time.

- i've added the 'SGI' suffix to the wireless client's 'mode', and also
  STBC if that is reported.

- less important: updated util-linux to 2.37.2 and glib, for no
  particular reason.

an update on the randy marsh contract negotiations: he is driving a hard
bargain and, given we are a company that does nothing, these demands are
difficult to meet. at the risk of disappointing our fans, we recommend
viewing the current stalemate as irreconcilable.

we maintain our interest in marsh's proposal of using autotune to
operate under the guise of doing absolutely nothing and praise him
for boldly challenging the very definition of uselessness that
penetrates to the core of what it is to be a redskin, however we must
be pragmatic.

and OFC, redskin fans: G F Y

        -the MFin 'skins

* Shelly's room, evening. Randy knocks on her door *

Randy
        Shelly, that's enough time on your phone.

Shelly
        Leave me alone, Dad! Stop nagging me all the time!

Randy
        You know we're all cutting down on phone time.

Shelly
        [sits up]

        Don't limit me! You don't even understand me!

Randy
        [sees a poster of himself as <'famous' "musician">,
        his secret identity]

        Yeah. I don't understand you at all. A lot you know.

        [walks away saddened]

        *   The Marsh garage    *

*  Randy is adding more stacks of cash to those already  *
*    hidden behind the poster. A door opens and Randy    *
*            quickly seals it up.                        *

* He gets to his workbench just as Stan closes the door. *

Stan
        Uh hey Dad. I need to talk to you.

Randy
        Oh really? A-About... about what?

Stan
        Dad, is it possible for someone to be one way on
        the outside but totally different on the inside?

        [Randy sighs deeply and stands up to walk]

        I mean, can someone identify as one sex but be
        something else but still have it be nothing about sex?

Randy
        Yes. Yes, Stan. I am <'famous' "musician">.

Stan
        ...What?

Randy
        It started off so simple. There's a guy at work. Hanson.
        He would use the bathroom and just blow the thing up, you know?
        Not only that, but he was in there all the time! I finally got
        fed up and pretended to be a woman.
        I called myself <'famous' "musician">. Have you ever been in a
        woman's bathroom, Stan? It's all clean and there's enough stalls
        for everyone. It was so freeing. I started singing while I was
        in there, and then I- started writing things down.

Stan
        Well you said you knew a guy at work who was
        <'famous' "musician">'s uncle.

Randy
        Yah, that's my cover.

Stan
        The chick that wrote the theme song to the new
        <shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>, is you?

Randy
        Yeah.

        [turns around and faces Stan]

        The record company messed it all up. It was supposed to go:

            "<shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>,
            yah yah yah, yah yah yah! <shitty recession stimulus-funded
            book and movie series>."

        But they just- do what they want with my songs.

Stan
        Wha-wait, <'famous' "musician"> sounds like a girl.

Randy
        Autotune. Wanna see how I do it?

        [moments later, a music program pops up.
        Twelve tracks are shown at lower left]

        I come up with all my best stuff in the bathroom at work.

        I use this program to import the recordings I make on my phone.

        [plays the highlighted track]

            "Yeah yeah, feeling good on a Wednesday. Sparklinnnnn'
            thoughts. Givin' me the hope to go ohhhn"

            [farts and poop noises]

            "Oh! Whoa. What I need now is a little bit of shelter."

Stan
        Dad, <'famous' "musician">'s music is actually really good.

Randy
        Thanks.

        But it gets even better when I add the drum loops.

        [replays the same track with drum loops added]

        Then with the computer I can actually quantize everything.

        [brings up the quantizer and chooses his settings]

        Backup instruments.

        [scale, beats, bass, tambourine, guitars, strings]

        And then finally I use the Autotune.

        ["Auto-Tuner v10." He chooses his settings there, and
        the song is transformed. The same track is now enhanced
        with <no name shitty "musician">'s voice and no trace of Randy]

            "Sparklin' thoughts, feelin' good on a Wednesday.
            Givine me the hope, givin' givin' me the hope to go ohhhn.
            What I need is a little bit of shelter."

        [this is all too much for Stan to take in, and he passes out.]

        [Randy notices]

        Stan?

---
## [Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods)@[420b3d54a3...](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/commit/420b3d54a30426affd0194bad6a843c684337874)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 20:18:17 by Joel Robert Justiawan

[skip ci] Nobukeh

continue cipher. not much because we still crash. idk why, perhaps kludge it by move to higher spec system? oh maybe try again in debug build?

clap one memory address not workeh properly, return it back to spawn again

shrink credit rollout size & attach position for text bellow the title, to underneath that title.

make sure the instance of PlayState not null, DialogueBox.hx . who knows somebody going to use this Dialogue box thingy outside gameplay one day idk

We have witnessed the rise of Saubo sona. Welcome here, my people! today we're going to rebuild the golden age of Saubo, yay!!!! Time to reveal our contract purpose. bbpanzu, listen up! I know the day is hard, but this shall not let us be lockdown for good. time to wake up! we must pass the past! time to go back again! KitsuneSkulls? yess!

together we can do this.

Finally installed option to choose whether or not to thread the freeplay loading
TODO: i forgot pls wait.

sneaky sneaky! that alpha also is enforced if sustain not active & not modified by lua! Note.hx. expanded total override check to cover that up too. now pls leave alpha alone when we want to do something with it okeh?

installed Kem0x test option. you can see what kem0x wanted us curious to see here.

move the eventObjects that was meant to be launched at certain beat precision not update frame to that stepHit yess.

pause rolling when pause & resume if go again. I saw what I did with my credit roll is that if started is false, the selected list just stays there until you call go again.

damn what was that? peck! I forgot.

It is morally incorrect to sparsdat no matter how expensive that much, unless if it is NFT. Not funny you virtually limit amount of stock of license we can have to activate stuffs, you money coom succ shills! That's a digital bytes!!! copyable everywhere, wtf bro!!?!?? you hate us so much by making artificial limitation of physical object!?!? you brought hell to earth instead of heaven to earth!!!
You should be like Steam. just sell, unlimited stock. yess!
alright sorry people, I'll take this one up here.

---
## [h2sm/Safe-Document-Management](https://github.com/h2sm/Safe-Document-Management)@[0fd6faf7d2...](https://github.com/h2sm/Safe-Document-Management/commit/0fd6faf7d218b2d71adb4e10269419554ce353c0)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 20:52:03 by Egor Fedorenko

All these bitches know I get dough (beep, beep) Pop a nigga soul like Crisco (bang, bang) I'm smokin' on the gas like Citgo (dope) Fat ass on my bitch though (yeah, yeah)

---
## [cineafx/arma-artillery-rangetable-creator](https://github.com/cineafx/arma-artillery-rangetable-creator)@[9a16b95d49...](https://github.com/cineafx/arma-artillery-rangetable-creator/commit/9a16b95d49d47c1563ba32e91c07491b03c72436)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 20:57:51 by Karl

Revert "I fucking hate nginx config bullshit"

This reverts commit dd77d3149e928463d02611f80ba4cba117df6454.

---
## [theBGuy/Kolbot-SoloPlay](https://github.com/theBGuy/Kolbot-SoloPlay)@[e89b202b01...](https://github.com/theBGuy/Kolbot-SoloPlay/commit/e89b202b0186614ba52945409fbb682af038a664)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 20:59:45 by casualBotter

Added prototypes curseable and scareable

-also added global console function and polyfill for setTimeout from janBot (@jaensters version of kolbot)
-fixed function checkIsAuardin that didn't get changed when I changed Attack.IsAuradin to Attack.isAuradin
-removed Attack.isCurseable in favor of new prototype
-updated barb attacks to make it cleaner using object data structure rather than whole bunch of variables, also created howl/battle/war cry check functions instead of just getting mobCount
-added a global myPrint function so didn't have to repeat me.overhead, and print repeatedly
-cleaned up Check.nextDifficulty as the repeated not ready console prints were annoying and also lowered over leveled cap for normal
-added picking stamina potion if we need one
-added GameData.physicalAttackDamage at the moment it just returns the % damage added from a couple of barb skills, TODO: is actually calculate damage done of all physical based skills
-update den to clear blood moor until level 2 so we don't just die when we get to cold plains

---
## [hrzntal/horizon](https://github.com/hrzntal/horizon)@[2b78e6b7b4...](https://github.com/hrzntal/horizon/commit/2b78e6b7b4ad98e9a370aea3914d487a6b44943c)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 21:23:57 by Alex 'Avunia' Takiya

Fixes screaming emote

Holy balls fuck whoever worked on this shit before me

---
## [eXish/Trivia-Murder-Party](https://github.com/eXish/Trivia-Murder-Party)@[60514169d4...](https://github.com/eXish/Trivia-Murder-Party/commit/60514169d4fef08e7b054a5e4e4b31ade0d9510d)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 22:41:58 by Fartlicker777

Various changes

All:
• Bundled manual (excluding Arena and Skewers. Skewers isn't on the repo, so it's not bundled just yet.)
• Added gamepad support (excluding Dumb Waiters, which alread has it.)

Mental Math:
• Tweaked the autosolver so that it doesn't just wait at the end. It'll solve one question once it's past it's threshold each time it is selected by TP.
• The SVG in the manual is no longer awful.

The Arena:
• This will receive a major overhaul eventually, but no update now.

Dictation:
• Nothing else.

Jailbreak:
• Worsened the wordlist. Sidenote, the offer still stands on anyone giving me a better 4-letter word list/improving the word list. Also fuck you Nut the autosolver works perfectly fine.

Dumb Waiters:
• Nothing else.

Chalices:
• Nothing else, but the chart now has the texts centered.

Pixel Art:
• Made highlights much better.

Rules:
• Made the font when activated monospaced.
• Made the autosolver identical to Mental Math's new one.

---
## [eXish/Trivia-Murder-Party](https://github.com/eXish/Trivia-Murder-Party)@[5f6d35f43c...](https://github.com/eXish/Trivia-Murder-Party/commit/5f6d35f43c7f1d95f33a02ab1432b75b7076a803)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 22:41:58 by Danny7007

Added Scratch-Off

Akihabara, the electric town--hub for state-of-the-art technology, fashion, otaku goods, and the cutest boys in skirts you will ever see. Pop into the Girls! Girls! Girls!? Cafe and fall in love with one of four charming "ladies..." or maybe even all of them? Jump into a story full of fluff, romance, friendship, and crossdressing that will keep you coming back for more!

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[979e8fd903...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/979e8fd90352f88e102c6671215e11277118166d)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 22:44:38 by Marko Grdinić

"12:15pm. I could have gotten up earlier, but I spent this time lounging in bed. Let me do some research on how loop cuts work.

12:35pm. https://youtu.be/8e1nAVYu0Ac
How to run edge loops through ngons in Blender - tutorial

I've been playing with retopology and have been thinking how to do it right. Right now I did some experimentation and tris terminate loop cuts resulting in an ngon. It would be better if it terminated in the triangle instead.

https://youtu.be/8e1nAVYu0Ac?t=61

Huh, I had no idea that subdivide woks on disconnected edges.

12:50pm. https://youtu.be/rjHYaN4u-sA
Blender Tutorial How To Reroute, Reduce, Terminate Edge Loops.

Let me watch this. I have no idea how to use triangles.

https://youtu.be/rjHYaN4u-sA?t=135

Huh? Right. When you cut a triangle it becomes a quad. How did I miss this?

1:05pm. This isn't quite what I want. Just how should one connect high detail to low detail areas while retaining flexibility to make loop cuts? I mean, Flycat used tris in places. Using all quads is an option, but it would result in excess geometry.

1:10pm. I guess like with everything else I'll just have to be careful.

Let me go get breakfast. After that I'll watch the clothing brush tutorials.

I know I should be working on the fence, but this issue has stolen my attention. Nevertheless I am close. It won't be long until I am done with the fence.

2pm. Mrrggghhhhh...let me the chores. After that I'll study clothes brushes for a bit. After that I'll am going to get into it properly. Today marks the day I get things done.

2:40pm. Done with chores. This is way too crazy, I can't keep starting at 3pm. But I can't deny that compared to the fervor which drove me into programming, I am less motivated to pursue art.

Yet, I must believe in it. In a world where might isn't right, the pen is the strongest. I will always be low class without appropriate art skills.

What in this world can allow me to live on my own, but art? I might be doing it for money, but I never said it needs to be a lot of money. Even 100$/month to start with would motivate me to go further.

2:50pm. https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO
Couch Tutorial Series

I never watched any of Blender Guru's vids. But this seems pretty interesting. Ah damn it, let me study this. It is like with programming. I did need 6 months just to get started on Spiral v2, while I was messing with concurrency all the while studying random things to get to that point. The series does not seem to be longer than 2h. I'll have time to get through it and get the fence done. Let me get started on it.

https://youtu.be/Y4whyFTilsA?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=331

This tutorial might turn out to be useful. I actualyl don't know how I would do a couch start to finish. Already I learned that I can find blueprints for furniture online.

https://youtu.be/4h097E4pRCw?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO
> Welcome to the fun bit of the tutorial.

Yeah, this should be instructive.

https://youtu.be/4h097E4pRCw?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=95
> It took me like, far too long to figure out. I probably made about 50 to 100 of these cushions to prepare for this tutorial, trying out all the different methods, from multi resolution to pure sculpting, to pure simulation, to weight painting...so much mess. And I figured this is the best method that I am going to show you.

3:25pm. https://youtu.be/4h097E4pRCw?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=817

This is pretty informative.

https://youtu.be/4h097E4pRCw?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=1068
> It is a good idea to UV unwrap it before you apply it.

No way would I know to do it on my own.

Blender Youtube tutorials are a goldmine. Never have I learned so much from youtube than in the last 3.5 months.

https://youtu.be/HlrgFS8AMMU?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=1016

Oh this is a smart way doing it.

https://youtu.be/HlrgFS8AMMU?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=1032

Sigh. It was worth watching this tutorial. I'll definitely remember this.

https://youtu.be/HlrgFS8AMMU?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=1087

This is nice.

4:10pm. Focus me, stop lurking /3/.

https://youtu.be/_T2kEi9L86A?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO
Making Couch Cushion Seats (Part 4)

Time for part 4.

4:05pm. It was just 2m long.

https://youtu.be/zyrm9GH51Y4?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=88

The fabric textures are of interest to me. I have no idea how I would do this kind of thing.

4:25pm. https://youtu.be/BcWM9PBCVHw?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO
How to Make Fabric Stitches in Blender (Couch Part 6)

This is the longest part of the series. Let me watch this, then the next two and I am done with this series. I'll busy myself with the fence.

4:30pm. Oh, it is possible to isolate with the / key as well.

https://youtu.be/BcWM9PBCVHw?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO

Oh, it is possible to create another UV map.

https://youtu.be/BcWM9PBCVHw?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=795

I do not understand what the factor is supposed to be doing in screen.

https://youtu.be/BcWM9PBCVHw?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=878

So much goes into this. The only part I really dislike is what he did with non seam part in the UV map. That map range is such a nasty hack. Couldn't he have deleted the verts?

Nope, it does not seem like it.

https://youtu.be/BcWM9PBCVHw?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=1481

He himself seems to be learning a lot as he is making these tutorials. This is not the first time he quiped that he just learned something.

5:10pm. UV Unwrapping seems like a massive pain. Thankfully for the kind of work I want to do, I won't have to deal with it. Flat colors for most of my objects should be fine. The rest I will deal with direct texture painting.

https://youtu.be/BcWM9PBCVHw?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=1663

He completely forgot about the map range.

https://youtu.be/6zaAA0QqVPE?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO
How to Make a Blanket in Blender (Couch Part 8)

Let me take a break here and then I will finish this.

5:35pm. I am back. Let me finally deal with this.

https://youtu.be/6zaAA0QqVPE?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=223

Physics simulations are so annoying in Blender. I'd honestly rather just do pure sculpting.

https://youtu.be/6zaAA0QqVPE?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=550
> It is also why simulations are so frustrating, you make one little, tiny little change and you get a completely different result and you don't know why.

https://youtu.be/6zaAA0QqVPE?list=PLjEaoINr3zgGgS-N9Ews90bDAYYLoP0NO&t=800
> How on Earth does anyone have the time to make the chairs and couches for an ArchViz scene? The answer is, professionals don't!
> If you know how to make one couch, there is no benefit in modeling another one, and another one, and another one.

He says they just buy them in order to get them to get their job done faster.

5:55pm. I am finally done with the tutorial.

Let me do a little review. I know how to do quite a lot of things by now in Blender. In terms of skill I should be past mid 2/5 in 3d art. I have a lot of knowledge by now thanks to the months of tutorial watching. Most of what Andrew did in his tutorials, while being new to me was also familiar to me.

6:05pm. I probably won't ever go beyond 3/5 in either pure 2d and 3d as a human, but by synergizing them together, I should be able to get the hybrid 2d/3d skill to 4/5 and potentially even 5/5.

Let me go have lunch.

6:25pm. Kenja wo Deshi and Fabiniku are out. I still haven't watched the Mahouka movie either. But Dohna Dohna is enough to occupy my time for the time being.

7:05pm. Done with lunch. I finished the first ep of Kenja as well. It is lackluster in every which way apart from illustrative stills and backgrounds. If it was a VN I'd give the art 5/5. As it is, maybe it is 2/5 because the animation is so stiff.

Forget that, let me move on.

I had lunch and am getting drowsy due to it, but let me try to get some more work in. It has been an arms race between my work, game and sleep time, and my work time is losing.

7:40pm. The boolean union is just so bad when it comes to overlaping meshes. It completely wrecked my topology and I had to work around that. At any rate, I have something that looks like a neat puzzle piece.

It is cool that in Blender you can set dimensions directly.

I'll size it as...1.2*1.2*0.1m.

That should do as a fence piece. Now where do I go next?

Let me see how it does when it is instantiated along a curve.

8:20pm. I've compared deforming the instances along a curve using a modifier, and just putting them as they are using geo nodes. The last one is less of a pain in the ass so that is what I am going to go with.

https://developer.blender.org/T88702

The Deform Curve node is going to land at some point, so I won't lose sleep over this.

Let me just move on. Let me make the walkway itself.

8:30pm. Now for this part I need to refresh my mind about vector arithmetic.

The curve has a tangent, and I want to make new curve to the left of it with the same tangent. If I just stupidly translated it on the x axis, that would break depending on its orientation. For it to be roboust I need to rotate it so it matches the tangent. How do I do that?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rotation_matrix
https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/latest/modeling/geometry_nodes/vector/vector_rotate.html

I am thinking way too hard about this. Let me play with it a bit.

9:15pm. Sigh, I am such an idiot. I still can't get it to work. Let me close the file and I will experiment in another. This is ridiculous.

9:50pm. Yeah, this brings me back to programming. This is ridiculous.

What I want to do is simple. I have a curve which is like a central path. What I want to do is instantiate two curves to its side along which I intent to instantiate the railing.

But I can't do it. The idea that I had, but couldn't get to work is to use the tangent or the normal to displace the original curve. Right now I am using the normal and am getting really weird results that feel like a bug. Despite adding the normal which has all zeroes in Z position, thee curve is getting displaced in the Z position. Even worse, it dithers when I try to move it. I also get strange results when I try to resize it. This is clearly a bug.

But even so this idea that I have would not work. Think of roads which turn at 90 degree angle. My idea would fail there.

This is ridiculous. To think that the month is 1/3rd over and I still can't do the sidewalk automatically. Instead of stopping here for the day, let me do some research for this.

https://youtu.be/zGyZ_o3TkCE
Geometry nodes experiments - Let's talk about Curves support

Let me watch this.

https://youtu.be/zGyZ_o3TkCE?t=30

How did he do the lights on the side?

10:15pm. Right now I am trying to put points on a regular curve and there is something wrong. This is just bizzare. Let me open a new file.

10:20pm. Ok, I get it. I can confirm that it works normally with the Bezzier curve, but there is something crazy with the nuts path.

https://wiki.blender.org/wiki/Process/Bug_Reports

Let me watch this. But before that...

It does work if I resample the curve.

Let me try displacing the position along the normals.

Ah, I see that in capture attribute there is the spline option.

10:30pm. Nevermind the bug for now. Just how do I make the damn sidewalk lights? I can't displace the instances using the normals for some reason. Just how am I supposed to do this?

https://youtu.be/m_IHcJ1vwgE
Geometry nodes tutorials - Make instances to follow curve using generated normals

This tutorials is specifically on having the lamp posts follow the curve. That shuold answer my question.

https://youtu.be/m_IHcJ1vwgE?t=477

This is so confusing. I think he just made the lamp posts follow the curve. What I want to know is how he got them to the side.

https://youtu.be/m_IHcJ1vwgE?t=483

Huh, how is he doing that offset thing?

10:55pm. I really am such a fool. Instead of displacing instances, I could just displace the original points. Of course, that requires me to instead of passing the curve to instances on points directly, to use the intermediate node.

Now, why did I pick that habit up? Because passing it directly allows it to get the position which I needed for some examples, but I forgot which. Still, shouldn't it be possible to transfer the geometry?

No, transfer attribute is not what I need.

Strangely enough, I think that normals for the points are completely incompatible for their instances...

Wait, what if I realized them?

That fails as well.

Ok. That gives me a clue what I need to do.

11:05pm. Ok, I firmly understand how to displace the points along a curve. That should take care of the fence. Still, my goal was to displace a curve along a curve.

11:15pm. Which is perfectly easy enough. I was unfortunate enough to run into the Nuts curve bug and got completely perplexed.

This is not hard at all, you just resample the curve, and then pass the normal into offset of the Set position node. For the opposite side, you just scale the normal by -1. Piece of cake.

Instead, just how long did I spend thinking about rotation and tangents. What the hell?

11:20pm. Well, there is something I need to try. What if the walkway is not perfectly horizontal?

Then the normals become titled. Which might not be bad behavior depending on the context. But if I want the rod to be straight, I should zero out the Z coordinate and then normalize the vector.

Yeah, that works great for getting non-tilted roads. No need to rotate the tangent. The normal should be perpendicular to the tangent anyway.

No as the last thing, depending on the angle of the original curve at any given point it is possible to have knots in them. The solution is to just not draw such angular curves. For non-corner angles, what I have here is optimal and it is not worth it for me to try to get proximity to make it fit better.

There is just no point to that.

11:30pm. I am going to import what I did here into the walkway file tomorrow. This is a good time to stop for the day.

11:40pm. There are not enough hours in the day for gaming. At least I can count on getting that pool environment done soon and painting the next piece. Tomorrow I am going to get a good chunk of it done. I say that and get distracted with tutorials, but when I look inside me, I get a good feeling at what the state of my skills are. There is a confidence that was not there before. I feel different than when I was still trying to find my way through the 3d jungle as a novice. It is only a matter of time until I reach the level where I can make good art consistently. That day is approaching for me."

---
## [Bungalow-13/Bungalow-13](https://github.com/Bungalow-13/Bungalow-13)@[a728992ffd...](https://github.com/Bungalow-13/Bungalow-13/commit/a728992ffdcbe203b8305eee5481fc00c3890c18)
#### Tuesday 2022-01-11 23:13:10 by DaddyIssues98

Make special area for the bathroom ruin. (#439)

* im going to curse this server for the rest of his life.

I just killed a man like I'm the impostor from Among Us
Yeah, Yeah
Now my hands are red, I guess Im sus from Among Us
I just got my driver's license and I crashed a school bus
I just saw a man vent, now its time for us to discuss
Red Sus!
So she tryna suck my dick
But I'm a minor, diamond pick
I beat that bitch off with a stick
I melee that bitch with a kick
I laugh my ass off pickle rick
I eat my rice with a chopstick
The doctor called me lunatic
I light that bitch up, candle wick
I pull up with an M9
Yeah, its mine
Play Among Us, Among Drip
With my slimes
Keep a watch all on my wrist
At all times
Eat froot loops with a lime
Among Drip, you know Dior
Your mom's a whore
Call a meeting, Civil War
Drop these losers to the floor
Eat humans, not Vore (what the fuck)
Reactor melting to the floor
(The code is 2214)
The code is 5 digits, not 4
Kinda sus
(What the fuck did I just record, holy shit)

* kay

* duck

---

# [<](2022-01-10.md) 2022-01-11 [>](2022-01-12.md)

