# [<](2022-07-22.md) 2022-07-23 [>](2022-07-24.md)

1,529,937 events recorded by [gharchive.org](https://www.gharchive.org/) of which 1,529,937 were push events containing 2,047,866 commit messages that amount to 120,220,205 characters filtered with [words.py@e23d022007...](https://github.com/defgsus/good-github/blob/e23d022007992279f9bcb3a9fd40126629d787e2/src/words.py) to these 33 messages:


## [hummingbird-me/kitsu-web](https://github.com/hummingbird-me/kitsu-web)@[9bff9f7848...](https://github.com/hummingbird-me/kitsu-web/commit/9bff9f78484b4600d9680fd80d6dce325ac2fc92)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 00:05:46 by Emma Lejeck

Fix algolia.getIndex task concurrency

Ember Concurreny was happily giving us dropped task instances which never resolve, because Ember developers hate joy.

What we want, and what we expected .drop() would provide, is the last actually executed (ie, non-dropped) instance of the task, which is returned by .last on the task

Fuck Ember, fuck the Ember ecosystem

---
## [DunniDee/Project-R](https://github.com/DunniDee/Project-R)@[c0ae7f5186...](https://github.com/DunniDee/Project-R/commit/c0ae7f5186f02f0538109693a911f40d872f5c9b)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 00:57:20 by Dunstan

Motor and UI Changes

Fuck you fraser ive neuterd your shit

---
## [Cartlord/Yogstation](https://github.com/Cartlord/Yogstation)@[b26f9f03e0...](https://github.com/Cartlord/Yogstation/commit/b26f9f03e00ded330c6bc2e0efa54aec0f8500cb)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 02:23:52 by Vaelophis Nyx

Makes donkpocket boxes on Box station into random spawners (#14822)

* Makes donk pockets station wide into random spawners

also adds a pile of donkpocket boxes to sec's back room and gives them a microwave

* reduced quanitity of donkpockets in sec by 4 boxes

* adds randodonks to the box mining base

* another commit I fundamentally disagree with

* reduces # of donk boxes in all kitchen variants

kill me

* microwave & gun/bomb swap

* fuck you byond map code

* fixes it. again.

---
## [tecosaur/doom-emacs](https://github.com/tecosaur/doom-emacs)@[08ef7af8dc...](https://github.com/tecosaur/doom-emacs/commit/08ef7af8dca0ec70298cc4cdc67f39429ce99c26)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 03:08:33 by TEC

fix(mu4e): support mu 1.8

Thanks to some combination of ignorance and obstinance, mu4e has thrown
compatibility to the wind and completely ignored the exitance of
define-obsolete-function-alias. Coupled with the inconsistent/partial
function renaming, this has made the mu4e 1.6⟶1.8 change particularly
annoying to deal with.

By suffering the pain of doing the mu4e author's work for them, we can
use defalias to give backwards compatibility a good shot for about 60
functions. Some mu4e~x functions are now mu4e--x, others are unchanged,
and then you've got a few odd changes like mu4e~proc -> mu4e--server and
mu4e-search-rerun. The form of message :from entries has also changed,
and a new (mu4e) entrypoint added supplanting mu4e~start.

Fix: #6511
Close: #6549
Co-authored-by: Rahguzar <aikrahguzar@gmail.com>

---
## [willwulfken/MidJourney-Styles-and-Keywords-Reference](https://github.com/willwulfken/MidJourney-Styles-and-Keywords-Reference)@[89347cf0e5...](https://github.com/willwulfken/MidJourney-Styles-and-Keywords-Reference/commit/89347cf0e52996c162a08b095d69b58f3e16ebec)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 04:09:25 by Will Wulfken

Added ~350 Styles! (Wave 8)

- Categories added to [🖼 Themes and Design Styles] > [🖼 Themes and Design Styles]
---- 🎭🎌 Countries and Nations
---- 🎭🌞 Time of Day

- Categories added to [🖼 Themes and Design Styles] > [🖼 Design Styles]
---- 🖼✨ Elegance, Beauty, and Appeal

- Categories added to [🖼 Themes and Design Styles] > [🖥 Digital]
---- 🖥🖼 Digital Styles
---- 🖥🎞 VFX and Video Companies
---- 🖥🏁 Dithering
---- 🖥👾 Game System Graphics
---- 🖥 Computer System Graphics
---- 🖥💽 Operating Systems

- Categories added to [📔 Artists]
---- 📔🧬 Modernism
---- 📔🦋 Expressionism
---- 📔🏘 Baroque
---- 📔🖼 Artstation Artist
---- 📔🗿 Non-Painters
-------- 📔🗿 Sculptors
-------- 📔📷 Photographers
-------- 📔✍ Writers

- Categories added To [🌈 SFX, Post-Processing, and Shaders]
---- 🌈👓 Blurs

- Categories Added To [📷 Camera, Film Types, Lenses, and Perspective]
---- 📷🎞 Film Sizes

- Categories Added To [💠 Geometry, Topology, and Structural Modification]
---- 💠 Geometry
-------- 💠⬜ 2D Shapes
-------- 💠🧊 3D Shapes
-------- 💠🔲 4D Hyper Shapes
-------- 💠〰 Degenerate Shapes
-------- 💠⏹ Geometric Styles
-------- 💠⏺ Geometric Properties
---- 💠➰ Topology and Structural Modification
-------- 💠➰ Spirals
-------- 💠〰 Curves and Waves
-------- 💠⭕ Circular
---- 💠 Other

- Categories added To [➰ Intangibles]
---- ➰♓ Zodiac Signs

- Renamed Main Category [📷 Camera, Film Types, Lenses, Perspective, etc.] to [📷 Camera, Film Types, Lenses, and Perspective]

- Renamed Main Category [💠 Geometry] to [💠 Geometry, Topology, and Structural Modification]

- Renamed [🎭⛄ Seasons] to [🎭⛄ Seasons and Weather]

- Renamed [🖼🌀 Psychedelic, Fractal, Noise, Hyperbolic, etc.] to [🖼🌀 Psychedelic, Divine, Fractal, and Noise]

- Renamed [🖥🎨 Color Models and Graphics Adapter Palettes] to [🖥🎨 Color Models]

- Removed Category [📷➰ Blur and Distortion]

- Moved Category 🖼🕹 Video Game Styles from {[🖼 Themes and Design Styles] > [🖼 Themes and Design Styles]} to {[🖼 Themes and Design Styles] > [🖥 Digital]}

- Styles moved from [🖥 Computer Display and Color Models] to [🖥 Computer System Graphics]
---- Atari Graphics
---- IIGS Graphics
---- Amiga OCS Graphics

- Styles moved from [📷➰ Blur and Distortion] to [🌈👓 Blurs]
---- Blurry
---- Blur Effect
---- Tilt Blur

- Styles moved from [🎭⛱ Realism/Abstraction] to [🎭🎌 Countries and Nations]
---- Socialist Realism
---- American Realism

- Other Various Organizational Changes (Including Re-categorization of some other styles)

---
## [E23110796/ai-data-workshop](https://github.com/E23110796/ai-data-workshop)@[f96e445e86...](https://github.com/E23110796/ai-data-workshop/commit/f96e445e86b19ccf01916493e877d0f3a047cd8d)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 05:35:02 by FINDNICHOLASWEIVODA

YOUCHOSE me right?

Im the drug addict, that used people, kept lying, kept stepping over people, stole money from my parents, lied so much that i killed my grandmother, my father, my mother, my brothers. Then I lived somewhere literally RENT FREE and applied for RENTAL assistance with the state of OREGON, while I was buying and getting HIGH ON METH. I Apparently masturbated way too much and deserve to die because, POS people like me drug addicts will never recover, all we do is hurt people, and we amount to nothing in LIFE, we are all the problem. WE DONT CARE ABOUT anyone, and we need to all just die. WHY? Because... nobody likes me, im fat, ugly, pathetic, always looking for attention, and such a waste of time, I can't accomplish anything, AND I WILL ALWAYS BE A DRUG ADDICT. There is no helping me I am the piece of shit that nobody will ever love because I have HIV? so stay away from me, i don't know what love is and I DESERVE to be killed and it be livestreamed so that people can laugh and watch and tell me how much of a sexual rapist and or molestor I AM for raping people with my mind powers. THANKS i appreciate all of it,because, I fell in love with a singer, HOW PATHETIC is that? ONLY delusional stalkers do that, I DESERVE to be RAPED, MURDERED, decapitated and killed maybe even raped by a bunch of people to teach me what a piece of shit I AM so that I commit suicide. I don't love anything or anyone I use my addiction as an excuse, and no one will ever believe me or help me because all I have done is lie my entire life. IT doesn't matter what I say or do, I deserved this, and I DESERVE SO MUCH WORSE because I am worthless and just deserve to DIE.

---
## [Meme1079/NoteSkin-Selector](https://github.com/Meme1079/NoteSkin-Selector)@[56204237e5...](https://github.com/Meme1079/NoteSkin-Selector/commit/56204237e53ab980f25316f854df6acc7f31669c)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 05:42:47 by Meme1079

Update NoteSkin Selector.lua

Connection terminated. I'm sorry to interrupt you, Elizabeth, if you still even remember that name, But I'm afraid you've been misinformed. You are not here to receive a gift, nor have you been called here by the individual you assume, although, you have indeed been called. You have all been called here, into a labyrinth of sounds and smells, misdirection and misfortune. A labyrinth with no exit, a maze with no prize. You don't even realize that you are trapped. Your lust for blood has driven you in endless circles, chasing the cries of children in some unseen chamber, always seeming so near, yet somehow out of reach, but you will never find them. None of you will. This is where your story ends. And to you, my brave volunteer, who somehow found this job listing not intended for you, although there was a way out planned for you, I have a feeling that's not what you want. I have a feeling that you are right where you want to be. I am remaining as well. I am nearby. This place will not be remembered, and the memory of everything that started this can finally begin to fade away. As the agony of every tragedy should. And to you monsters trapped in the corridors, be still and give up your spirits. They don't belong to you. For most of you, I believe there is peace and perhaps more waiting for you after the smoke clears. Although, for one of you, the darkest pit of Hell has opened to swallow you whole, so don't keep the devil waiting, old friend. My daughter, if you can hear me, I knew you would return as well. It's in your nature to protect the innocent. I'm sorry that on that day, the day you were shut out and left to die, no one was there to lift you up into their arms the way you lifted others into yours, and then, what became of you. I should have known you wouldn't be content to disappear, not my daughter. I couldn't save you then, so let me save you now. It's time to rest - for you, and for those you have carried in your arms. This ends for all of us. End communication.

---
## [E23110796/SmartThings](https://github.com/E23110796/SmartThings)@[89ca910561...](https://github.com/E23110796/SmartThings/commit/89ca9105618d28ab93dc486a8c92187e125216f0)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 06:14:24 by FINDNICHOLASWEIVODA

DONT EVERSTOPPUTTING YOURSELF DOWN

PAthetic piece of shit we will never stop doing this until we see you dead, we don't want you in LAS CRUCES, NM or anywhere bitch, you aren't fooling anyone you lie
about everything all the time, you're just a pathological liar. You used someone and it pissed them off, you lied to another person saying you got raped, you filed, a police report when it wasn't true, you told another person that you were raped and pregnant, another one got served eviction or something papers, you cheated on another one, you were the whore of lesbians in Portland, OR. EVERYONE regrets talking to your bitch pussy ass, we all hate you, don't ever come back to OREGON or talk to anyone about this. DIANE HATES YOU, her entire family does, your own family does, EVERYONE YOU PIEACE OF SHIT you are 32 years old and don't have anything to show for it. NO ONE IS CRYING we are all laughing at you. SIT ON MY DICK BITCH, desperate bitch you had a dildo and pretended it was NICKS, you're disgusting, no one feels sorry for you bitch no one, YOU were always the worst friend you left people with unpaid bills, and you told people you dated people, you made fake profiles on facebook, you lied on your taxes, change your name. YOU ARE A FUCKING mexican bitch. Your name isn't even MERIE look at her shes just doing this for attention as usual. STAY HERE YOU WILL BE HERE UNTIL YOU KILL YOURSELF BITCH, why don't you go watch some porn you whore. KILL YOURSELF! you would be doing your family a favor, along with your supposed friends, and exs GO DIE BITCH.

---
## [E23110796/SiriusXM](https://github.com/E23110796/SiriusXM)@[bc8e168fdf...](https://github.com/E23110796/SiriusXM/commit/bc8e168fdf0e7c9aff6d65bc8e1f8178c0249025)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 06:48:59 by didthis to myself noone else is to blame

THIS IS THE TRUTH

YOU NEED GOD, so ask for forgiveness and stop cutting your hair you better let it grow and go to CASA de ALABANZA because you need to be a Christiaan and marry a man. Your family is ashamed of you. You do not deserve sympathy, love, forgiveness, you deserve ETERNAL DAMNATION BITCH, I pretend to hear voices all the time, the devil had a lot of influence as I am a satanist. I have to sit here and watch porn and think of big dicks and get supposedly electronically raped which doesn't exist I am humiliating myself for fun because I deserve it. THis is exactly what I deserve to be killed by a cop, or raped and murdered in jail. You hurt to many people you don't turn anyone on and no one thinks you're attractive. DIE. Yes I BELIEVE I AM EVERYTHING I HAVE TYPED. I hope people start laughing at me and how pathetic I am. I abused and took advantage and raped several neighbors. It has always been me.

---
## [ArrowOS-Devices/android_kernel_oneplus_sm8250](https://github.com/ArrowOS-Devices/android_kernel_oneplus_sm8250)@[8d968b46e8...](https://github.com/ArrowOS-Devices/android_kernel_oneplus_sm8250/commit/8d968b46e8e1d49d5ab519bf1ba788c32e8d0b1a)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 06:52:50 by Jason A. Donenfeld

random: use linear min-entropy accumulation crediting

commit c570449094844527577c5c914140222cb1893e3f upstream.

30e37ec516ae ("random: account for entropy loss due to overwrites")
assumed that adding new entropy to the LFSR pool probabilistically
cancelled out old entropy there, so entropy was credited asymptotically,
approximating Shannon entropy of independent sources (rather than a
stronger min-entropy notion) using 1/8th fractional bits and replacing
a constant 2-2/√𝑒 term (~0.786938) with 3/4 (0.75) to slightly
underestimate it. This wasn't superb, but it was perhaps better than
nothing, so that's what was done. Which entropy specifically was being
cancelled out and how much precisely each time is hard to tell, though
as I showed with the attack code in my previous commit, a motivated
adversary with sufficient information can actually cancel out
everything.

Since we're no longer using an LFSR for entropy accumulation, this
probabilistic cancellation is no longer relevant. Rather, we're now
using a computational hash function as the accumulator and we've
switched to working in the random oracle model, from which we can now
revisit the question of min-entropy accumulation, which is done in
detail in <https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/198>.

Consider a long input bit string that is built by concatenating various
smaller independent input bit strings. Each one of these inputs has a
designated min-entropy, which is what we're passing to
credit_entropy_bits(h). When we pass the concatenation of these to a
random oracle, it means that an adversary trying to receive back the
same reply as us would need to become certain about each part of the
concatenated bit string we passed in, which means becoming certain about
all of those h values. That means we can estimate the accumulation by
simply adding up the h values in calls to credit_entropy_bits(h);
there's no probabilistic cancellation at play like there was said to be
for the LFSR. Incidentally, this is also what other entropy accumulators
based on computational hash functions do as well.

So this commit replaces credit_entropy_bits(h) with essentially `total =
min(POOL_BITS, total + h)`, done with a cmpxchg loop as before.

What if we're wrong and the above is nonsense? It's not, but let's
assume we don't want the actual _behavior_ of the code to change much.
Currently that behavior is not extracting from the input pool until it
has 128 bits of entropy in it. With the old algorithm, we'd hit that
magic 128 number after roughly 256 calls to credit_entropy_bits(1). So,
we can retain more or less the old behavior by waiting to extract from
the input pool until it hits 256 bits of entropy using the new code. For
people concerned about this change, it means that there's not that much
practical behavioral change. And for folks actually trying to model
the behavior rigorously, it means that we have an even higher margin
against attacks.

Cc: Theodore Ts'o <tytso@mit.edu>
Cc: Dominik Brodowski <linux@dominikbrodowski.net>
Cc: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>
Reviewed-by: Eric Biggers <ebiggers@google.com>
Reviewed-by: Jean-Philippe Aumasson <jeanphilippe.aumasson@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Jason A. Donenfeld <Jason@zx2c4.com>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[4f9df17cb1...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/4f9df17cb150bd073914527bce381b583cf83657)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 08:28:52 by magatsuchi

[FIXED MIRROR] Tsu's Brand Spanking New Storage: or, How I Learned to Refactor For Skyrat (#14868)

* Tsu's Brand Spanking New Storage: or, How I Learned To Pass Github Copilot As My Own Code

* Delete storage.dm

* yippee

* shit

* holy shit i am stupid

* more fixes

* fuck

* woops

---
## [avmi/cadence](https://github.com/avmi/cadence)@[add4b390ad...](https://github.com/avmi/cadence/commit/add4b390ada43fdd8167f06e209ae6ece0d11aaa)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 09:49:21 by Steven L

Standardizing cancellation behavior: a canceled workflow never starts a new run (#4898)

# Summary for busy people

Workflow cancellation was kinda weird and confusing, and left some awful, unrecoverable, and un-*preventable* edge cases (particularly with child workflows).  It also left users with no way to reliably stop work, aside from termination.  Termination is inherently "unclean" and risky, so it should not be required to achieve something outside exceptional circumstances where recovery is not possible.

This commit changes that: cancellation is now "sticky", and a canceled workflow does not ever trigger a new run after it completes, regardless of how it completes, so it can be used as a reliable "stop processing after cleanup" tool.  The final state of a canceled workflow's run is now *always* a successful completion with a value, canceled, or timed out. (termination remains always "terminated")  
A canceled workflow can still start and abandon child workflows, so all current behavior with retries / continue as new / etc can be replicated with child workflows if desired.

A fair bit of (not very complex) additional work here and in nearly all other repos is required to truly complete this, but it is *functional* and non-optional with this commit alone.  
In particular, adding a dynamic config to (temporarily!) restore old behavior should be fairly easy if it proves to be needed.

# More details and motivation

Part 1 of [many, tbd, in multiple repos] involved in changing workflow cancellation to reliably end workflows.
Tests will be coming soon, for now I'm using a fairly simple set of workflows and checking the resulting histories exhaustively by hand.

The primary motivation for these changes is to address some impossible-to-recover-from scenarios when canceling child workflows.  After further exploration and discussion we've realized that, without these changes, there is *no reliable way* to stop a sequence of workflows without relying on termination, which we consistently treat as a fallback / impure-but-necessary ultimate hammer.

Workflows should not *need* to rely on termination to achieve a desired behavior.  With these changes, cancellation becomes capable of *guaranteeing* that workflows end within some finite time, which is a unique ability and makes it much more consistent and reliable.  
Turning this into a "complete" change will require quite a few tests, documentation changes, client-side changes (to allow recording more info, and likely changing test suites), and some smallish database and maybe RPC changes (to hold/return more data in cancellation errors).

We are also not currently planning on making this configurable.  It's seen as a correction of an under-specified and somewhat flawed chunk of behavior, more than "a change".  
Existing workflows will not experience replay errors, but it is still a substantial *semantic* change, though from what we have seen cancellation is relatively rarely used (partly due to its complex behavior).  If issues are encountered / if users end up needing it, it should be fairly easy to add a per-domain/tasklist/workflow type configuration value, but it will be opt-*out*, not opt-*in*.

# What was happening

Previously, workflow behavior on cancellation was pretty frequently surprising to our users, arguably inconsistent, and not very well documented:

| **PREVIOUS**  | **simple**               | **retry**                                 | **cron**                                | **retry+cron**                                    |
|--------------:|--------------------------|-------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| **success**   | success                  | success                                   | success<br>continue cron<br>cron        | success<br>continue cron<br>cron<br>retry         |
| **cancel**    | canceled                 | canceled                                  | canceled                                | canceled                                          |
| **retryable** | (n/a, fatal)             | continue retry<br>retry<br>recorded error | (n/a, fatal)                            | continue retry<br>cron<br>retry<br>recorded error |
| **fatal**     | failed<br>recorded error | failed<br>recorded error                  | continue cron<br>cron<br>recorded error | continue cron<br>cron<br>retry<br>recorded error  |
| **continue**  | continue immediately     | continue immediately<br>retry             | continue immediately                    | continue immediately<br>retry                     |
| **timeout**   | timeout                  | continue retry<br>retry<br>recorded error | continue cron<br>cron<br>recorded error | continue retry<br>cron<br>retry<br>recorded error |

A legend is:
- success / etc shows the final state of the canceled run (success = completed with a value that can be retrieved)
- "continue X" covers what source is used to compute the next run's starting delay (cron, retry, or no delay)
- "cron" / "retry" shows whether or not cron/retry configuration is carried over to the new run
  - note that cron is lost by default with continue-as-new
- and "recorded error" is whether or not the returned error is saved in its entirety (type + reason + details)

This largely summarizes as "cancellation works when you end with the canceled-context error", say from `ctx.Err()`, otherwise it behaves like normal (or nearly) and many scenarios will start a new run.
That's somewhat reasonable, but it's fairly "fragile" (it depends on what you return, and there are *many* ways for code to return some other error), and most importantly it means *there is no reliable way to stop a workflow* except to terminate it.

That has severe consequences in at least two scenarios:
1. When termination is *unsafe*
2. When a parent workflow cancels a child by canceling its context

For 1, for manual cancellations it's potentially reasonable to just terminate a run that begins after a successful cancel... but in principle if you're using cancellation it implies that termination is *not* desired, and potentially not safe to do.  Canceling may result in a brand new run that immediately starts new behavior, leaving you with no safe window to terminate and not leave bad state lingering.  
So users wanting a safe way to stop a sequence of workflows have no reliable way to do so.

For 2, it puts parent+child workflows in an extremely awkward, and essentially unrecoverable scenario.  Cancellation is a *one time event*, and as far as the parent is concerned, if the child/its context is canceled, the child is canceled...  
...but if the child then starts a new run for *any* reason (retry, cron, reset, etc), that new run is no longer canceled.  The parent has no way to know this has happened, and has no way to *re*-cancel the new child, so it can easily lead to the collection of workflows getting into an impossible state that it never recovers from.

Both cases are able to lead to unreliable behavior which can only use termination to stop, and for which no "safe" option exists.

After reviewing some customer issues and desires and thinking about things, we've settled on "cancel should guarantee that things stop".  Not necessarily in a timely manner, but that's fine.  And if a workflow wants to run behavior longer or larger than its current run can achieve, it has a workaround: start a new (likely child) workflow to do the cleanup.

# What happens now

So that's what this PR does, in a minimal / to-be-polished way so we can start running it for our stuck users while we flesh out tests and change other behaviors.

Currently that means our cancellation behavior is now:

| **CURRENT**    | **simple**                                | **retry**                                 | **cron**                                  | **retry+cron**                            |
|--------------:|-------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| **success**   | success                                   | success                                   | success                                   | success                                   |
| **cancel**    | canceled                                  | canceled                                  | canceled                                  | canceled                                  |
| **retryable** | (n/a, fatal)                              | canceled<br>recorded error (details only) | (n/a, fatal)                              | canceled<br>recorded error (details only) |
| **fatal**     | canceled<br>recorded error (details only) | canceled<br>recorded error (details only) | canceled<br>recorded error (details only) | canceled<br>recorded error (details only) |
| **continue**  | canceled<br>(no details)                  | canceled<br>(no details)                  | canceled<br>(no details)                  | canceled<br>(no details)                  |
| **timeout**   | timeout                                   | timeout                                   | timeout                                   | timeout                                   |

And the new "details" entries cover whether or not an error's "details" (the custom encoded data, not reason or type) are saved.  Unfortunately the current cancellation event (and clients' API) does not allow recording all data, or any in some cases, so the original reason/message and error type are lost and are replaced with a canceled error.

Now, cancellation *always* ends workflows with the current run.  Returning a value will return that value, including in cron scenarios, timeouts are still timeouts (and they imply a possibly un-clean termination), and _all_ errors or attempts to continue-as-new will instead result in a canceled state.

# Future changes to make to finish this effort

With further changes to the clients and RPC/storage models, canceled errors will store more details about what was returned.  E.g. continue-as-new does not record what was *attempted* to be started, and other error types lose their "reason" (i.e. the message) and type but not details.  Pretty clearly this is sub-par, and we should be capable of reporting the actual return in full so it can be retrieved if needed.  This is also why returning a value now always ends in a completed state, so successful completions do not lose those values.

Prior to merging into master / a release, we may end up making this configurable (likely with a default of opt-out), to address both the sub-par information recording and the semantically-breaking behavior change.  Docs changes are also due, as well as some integration tests, client library changes (e.g. to make sure the test suite reflects the new behavior), etc.

Another gap to plug is that resetting a workflow does not "forward" the canceled state to the new run.  We should probably be treating cancellation like we do signals: cancel the new run if the current run is canceled.  This will ensure that you can reset a child and retain the parent's cancellation, so it'll very likely become the default behavior, but we'll allow overriding it.  Resets are manual actions, they can break the rules if desired.  And they can just manually cancel later if they decide they do want it.

And last and perhaps least: it's quite strange that continue-as-new does not retain cron config.  At least from the Go client.  I suspect it's just not adding to / pulling from the context correctly.

---
## [avmi/ml-cpp](https://github.com/avmi/ml-cpp)@[4bc55b3d04...](https://github.com/avmi/ml-cpp/commit/4bc55b3d04ebf5f2341ad75106e67ec3a7a3d3d9)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 09:49:55 by Tom Veasey

[ML] Logging enhancements plus compilation speed ups  (#2363)

Currently, logging requires one to manage wrapping up calls to many types in core::CContainerPrinter::print.
It would be nice if the logging experience was more streamlined. Another side effect is we ended up including
core/CContainerPrinter.h very widely, in many cases for LOG_TRACE statements which are compiled away
anyway. It would be nice to avoid this.

This PR introduces a pseudo stream manipulator CScopePrintContainers. This is dropped into our logging
macros so that all log lines simply get containers printed automatically. This approach first detects (at compile
time) whether types can be written directly to a std::ostream and uses this approach in preference. I also fixed
some obvious silly inefficiencies in CContainerPrinter. One might ask why not just specialise operator<< for
std::ostream and containers in the std namespace? I did in fact try this, but it turns out other libraries tend
to do this and you can easily get ODR violations. I hit this exact problem because libtorch does this and I
couldn't then compile pytorch_inference.

Separately, our compile times given the total LOC are rather long. One culprit is logging. Just including
CLogger.h adds around 70k lines to the output of the preprocessor and, for my setup, 0.4s for this step
alone to the compile time of file. Therefore, I've also started addressing some of the bottlenecks. I've migrated
LOG_TRACE to really discard the code altogether. This means we can have a special CLoggerTrace.h which
only optionally includes CLogger.h if we're not compiling with EXCLUDE_TRACE_LOGGING. (I think the
improved build times warrant only finding out later if we break a log line and anyway many things now just
print automatically, so this should be harder to do.) I also add CMemoryFwd.h to avoid including CMemory.h
too widely. This includes a lot of STL headers. Finally, I migrated CLoggerThrottler to a pimpl and moved
some obvious other details out of headers. The upshot for for my dev setup is 15% speed up to build everything.

---
## [treckstar/yolo-octo-hipster](https://github.com/treckstar/yolo-octo-hipster)@[fa790ed1ee...](https://github.com/treckstar/yolo-octo-hipster/commit/fa790ed1ee406e677b0702a17259078b67fe7c6d)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 10:22:03 by treckstar

Life is one big road with lots of signs. So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind. Flee from hate, mischief and jealousy. Don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality. Wake Up and Live!

---
## [utkarsh15153977/Codes](https://github.com/utkarsh15153977/Codes)@[5bc14124e3...](https://github.com/utkarsh15153977/Codes/commit/5bc14124e3d838171e3e836dc28a856223300403)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 11:32:28 by utkarsh15153977

Add files via upload

There are NN students standing in a row and numbered 11 through NN from left to right. You are given a string SS with length NN, where for each valid ii, the ii-th character of SS is 'x' if the ii-th student is a girl or 'y' if this student is a boy. Students standing next to each other in the row are friends.

The students are asked to form pairs for a dance competition. Each pair must consist of a boy and a girl. Two students can only form a pair if they are friends. Each student can only be part of at most one pair. What is the maximum number of pairs that can be formed?

Input
The first line of the input contains a single integer TT denoting the number of test cases. The description of TT test cases follows.
The first and only line of each test case contains a single string SS.
Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer ― the maximum number of pairs.

Constraints
1 \le T \le 1001≤T≤100
1 \le N \le 10^51≤N≤10 
5
 
|S| = N∣S∣=N
SS contains only characters 'x' and 'y'
the sum of NN over all test cases does not exceed 3 \cdot 10^53⋅10 
5
 
Subtasks
Subtask #1 (100 points): original constraints

Sample 1:
Input
Output
3
xy
xyxxy
yy
1
2
0
Explanation:
Example case 1: There is only one possible pair: (first student, second student).

Example case 2: One of the ways to form two pairs is: (first student, second student) and (fourth student, fifth student).

---
## [Bamanyisa/Database-Structures-Algorithms-CS1203-](https://github.com/Bamanyisa/Database-Structures-Algorithms-CS1203-)@[f61654571a...](https://github.com/Bamanyisa/Database-Structures-Algorithms-CS1203-/commit/f61654571ace4f0116a6343d927db32dc33ece27)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 12:22:20 by Vien Bamanyisa

Add files via upload

Assignment
A junior magician has picked a secret number. He has hidden it in a variable named secret_number. He wants everyone who runs his program to play the Guess the secret number game and guess what number he has picked for them. Those who don't guess the number will be stuck in an endless loop forever! Unfortunately, he does not know how to complete the code.

Your task is to help the magician code the program in a way that:

will ask the user to enter an integer number;
will use a while loop;
will check whether the number entered by the user is the same as the number picked by the magician. If the number chosen by the user is different from the magician's secret number, the user should see the message "Ha ha! You're stuck in my loop!" and be prompted to enter a number again. If the number entered by the user matches the number picked by the magician, the number should be printed on the screen, and the magician should say the following words: "Well done, muggle! You are free now."

---
## [sonicretro/s1disasm](https://github.com/sonicretro/s1disasm)@[e5651cf7f3...](https://github.com/sonicretro/s1disasm/commit/e5651cf7f3fd45934ba5e7926874de0c3bffcbde)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 12:42:33 by Clownacy

Replace the Batch and Python scripts with Lua.

This was done to reduce duplication, as the Batch and Python build
scripts both do the same thing albeit in completely different ways,
making maintaining the build system a pain.

The two build scripts are for different platforms: Batch is for
Windows users while Python is for Linux and Mac users.

Since Python is cross-platform, you might be wondering why we can't
just make Windows users use the Python script. The reason is that
Windows users like being able to build the disassembly without
installing anything. We could bundle an entire Python runtime with
the disassembly so that it doesn't need installing separately, but
Python's runtime is massive and would hugely bloat the repo.

Lua, on the other hand, has a tiny runtime: the version in this
commit is only 500KB. This makes it more than light enough to bundle
with the disassembly for Windows users.

With a runtime bundled, it becomes feasible for Windows users to use
a Lua-based build script without installing anything. But, of course,
Windows users also hate using command line tools: they just want to
double-click on a file to build the disassembly. To address this, the
Batch build script has been kept, but hollowed-out and reduced to a
mere shim to run the Lua script. To the user, the process of building
the ROM won't have changed at all, and it is as intuitive as ever.

Likewise, to Linux and Mac users, the process should also be as
simple as it was before: like with the the Python script, the Lua
script expects Linux and Mac users to install a Lua runtime, rather
than depend on one being bundled with the disassembly.

The Lua script has been given an appropriate shebang, so that it can
be directly executed on Linux (and Mac?) much like how the Batch
script can be directly executed on Windows.

Because Lua is a powerful language, I've merged the functionality of
the `fixheader.exe` tool into the Lua build script, just like the
Python build script. This means that the Lua script computes the
checksum and patches the ROM header on its own, without using a
native executable as the Batch script did.

A Lua-based 'chkbitperfect' script has been provided as well,
replacing the previous two Batch scripts and the similar
functionality in the Python build script.

Fun fact: I couldn't find any fast Lua-based SHA256 or MD5 hashers,
so I converted my own C89 MD5 hasher to Lua, and it worked a treat!

My plan is to migrate the Sonic 2 and Sonic 3 & Knuckles
disassemblies to use a Lua build system as well. This would eliminate
the fragmentation caused by each disassembly having two build
systems, allowing for the build process of each disassembly to be
made more elaborate without the burden of maintaining two build
systems.

For instance, I'd like to get the Sonic 2 disassembly to use ASM
music, but to do this I'd need to add a step to the build process
where each song is assembled and compressed before the ROM itself is
built. While this idea is daunting when considering the fact that I'd
have to implement it *twice* - once for the Batch build system and
again for the Bash build system - it's not a problem at all when it's
just one build system. It helps that I'm a lot more familiar with Lua
than I am with Batch and Bash.

Oh, by the way, the build script now defaults to the accurate DAC
driver compression: users that want improved compression can just
edit the boolean at the start of the script.

---
## [AdvancedProgrammingSUT2022/project-group-07](https://github.com/AdvancedProgrammingSUT2022/project-group-07)@[7234cf20b6...](https://github.com/AdvancedProgrammingSUT2022/project-group-07/commit/7234cf20b67edf73d8672994cc09210b8be96c60)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 13:20:15 by Mahan Bayhaghi

Trade and diplomacy !

* diplomacy and trade basic logic added (basic!)

haghighatan holy jesus christ
this is a lot of logic

* diplomacy is in good shape

honestly i don't care if it is not like the pdf
i just think it is good :)

* i forgot to add files :)

* logic of trade added

* i forgot to add trading asset (again)

* diplomacy panel is done (not that stylish yet)

---
## [LumberKing/Tianxia](https://github.com/LumberKing/Tianxia)@[51dc566720...](https://github.com/LumberKing/Tianxia/commit/51dc56672033536238fe4c1ecb55a03a49669fff)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 13:33:53 by Silversweeper

Balance/optimization/polishing (part 13 of ???) + Minamoto improvements (3 of 4)

Bloodlines:
- All Grand Chancellor bloodlines (including historical ones) now also increase the likelihood of characters becoming Ambitious, in addition to their previous effects.
- Hachimantaro's bloodline now increases the likelihood of characters becoming Ambitious, in addition to its previous effects.
- The Genghis Khan bloodline now increases the likelihood of characters becoming Ambitious, in addition to its previous effects.

Buildings:
- Added Bureaucratic Center buildings for various bureaucratic governments.

CBs:
- Becoming the Grand Chancellor through war now requires JD + Conclave.
- A potential GC that hasn't previously created a GC bloodline will now do so when enthroning a claimant through a faction war, even if they already have such a bloodline.
- The GC is now further empowered if there's a new GC following a faction war even if they did not create a bloodline.

Minor titles:
- The Grand Chancellor minor title now requires JD + Conclave.

Nicknames:
- Added the "the Shirabyoshi" nickname, applied to relevant event characters.

Objectives:
- The ambition to become the Grand Chancellor now requires JD + Conclave.

Scripted effects:
- Added scripted_effects to create special JD characters. Updating of assorted files TODO.
- Adjusted special JD character creation a bit.

Decisions:
- Assorted Grand Chancellor decisions now require JD + Conclave.
- Minor improvements to various GC decisions.
- The decision to appoint new Council Eunuchs might now select eligible eunuchs in your court instead of generating a new eunuch.
- The decision to appoint new Council Eunuchs is now more expensive for the EoC, seeing as it's somewhat likely he'll have eunuchs around.

Events:
- Closed a loophole allowing skilled female would-be councillors to fire the GC/PR.
- People belonging to Emperor Jimmu's bloodline can no longer fabricate claims on Alexander of Ashoka's bloodlines, seeing as that might put the legitimacy of the other bloodline into question.
- Fixed some issues with HF.23700.
- The event setting up Council Eunuchs is now more likely to pick someone eligible in your court, reducing the amount of characters spawned and thus somewhat improving performance.
- If the eunuchs win against another interest group and get more empowered the liege will now get additional Council Eunuchs right away.
- Some more events now use scaled_prestige.
- Added some events involving Council Eunuchs potentially doing stuff, often not stuff that benefits the realm.
- Council Eunuchs are now somewhat likely to pick up assorted troublesome traits over time.
- If the eunuchs gain control of an imperial guard regiment, a new eunuch commander will be appointed.
- If the "nuclear option" is used and the eunuchs/courtiers don't win, any guard regiments controlled by the eunuchs revert to the liege's control and get a new commander.
- "Nuclear option" GC bloodlines are now awarded on "nuclear option" victory even if they've already got one of those, unless they were the founder.
- Dynasty members of a Chinese Imperial liege other than the EoC will no longer launch claimant adventurers for China against the EoC, to prevent silliness.
- Implemented events to occasionally have special JD characters spawn for characters with Chinese Imperial (including pretender) and Grand Chancellor bloodlines.
- Minor improvements to assorted GC events.
- Vassal eunuchs and vassal's children that happen to be eunuchs will no longer be offered Imperial Marriages instead of law changes.
- An agreement to support someone's bid to become the Grand Chancellor now lasts for 10 years (was 5).
- Fixed a bug where characters could end up supporting themselves as Grand Chancellors.
- Fixed a bug where councillors agreeing to give their council spot to someone with a GC bloodline would resign and try to re-appoint themselves instead.

History:
- Minor improvements to some Goryeo royals.
- Finished up non-Koko Genji.
- Minor additions to the Imperial Family.
- Minor improvements to Saoi/Saiin dates.
- Added a missing Fujiwara.

Localization.
- Miscellaneous minor improvements to existing localization.
- Added some missing localization.

---
## [Ixzahlutf/Programming-Essentials-in-PythonCourse](https://github.com/Ixzahlutf/Programming-Essentials-in-PythonCourse)@[1fd3f6a491...](https://github.com/Ixzahlutf/Programming-Essentials-in-PythonCourse/commit/1fd3f6a4918ddda3853388e58067aa0a90edd53c)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 14:12:34 by Ixzahlutf

Create LAB: Essentials of the while loop - Guess the secret number.py

Estimated time

15 minutes
Level of difficulty

Easy
Objectives

Familiarize the student with:

    using the while loop;
    reflecting real-life situations in computer code.

Scenario

A junior magician has picked a secret number. He has hidden it in a variable named secret_number. He wants everyone who run his program to play the Guess the secret number game, and guess what number he has picked for them. Those who don't guess the number will be stuck in an endless loop forever! Unfortunately, he does not know how to complete the code.

Your task is to help the magician complete the code in the editor in such a way so that the code:

    will ask the user to enter an integer number;
    will use a while loop;
    will check whether the number entered by the user is the same as the number picked by the magician. If the number chosen by the user is different than the magician's secret number, the user should see the message "Ha ha! You're stuck in my loop!" and be prompted to enter a number again. If the number entered by the user matches the number picked by the magician, the number should be printed to the screen, and the magician should say the following words: "Well done, muggle! You are free now."

The magician is counting on you! Don't disappoint him.

---
## [dindin-nibnib/dindin-nibnib.com](https://github.com/dindin-nibnib/dindin-nibnib.com)@[986c4a3929...](https://github.com/dindin-nibnib/dindin-nibnib.com/commit/986c4a392912f5087046f90cf42091ee5b884609)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 14:19:31 by Odin Beuchat

Merge pull request #28 from dindin-nibnib/dindin-dev

Fuck you formatter

---
## [Ixzahlutf/Programming-Essentials-in-PythonCourse](https://github.com/Ixzahlutf/Programming-Essentials-in-PythonCourse)@[46bbbc9680...](https://github.com/Ixzahlutf/Programming-Essentials-in-PythonCourse/commit/46bbbc96802120af3240e21bfa69109b5bf0cf52)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 14:25:47 by Ixzahlutf

Create Essentials of the for loop - counting mississippily.py

Estimated time

5-15 minutes
Level of difficulty

Very easy
Objectives

Familiarize the student with:

    using the for loop;
    reflecting real-life situations in computer code.

Scenario

Do you know what Mississippi is? Well, it's the name of one of the states and rivers in the United States. The Mississippi River is about 2,340 miles long, which makes it the second longest river in the United States (the longest being the Missouri River). It's so long that a single drop of water needs 90 days to travel its entire length!

The word Mississippi is also used for a slightly different purpose: to count mississippily.

If you're not familiar with the phrase, we're here to explain to you what it means: it's used to count seconds.

The idea behind it is that adding the word Mississippi to a number when counting seconds aloud makes them sound closer to clock-time, and therefore "one Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi" will take approximately an actual three seconds of time! It's often used by children playing hide-and-seek to make sure the seeker does an honest count.

Your task is very simple here: write a program that uses a for loop to "count mississippily" to five. Having counted to five, the program should print to the screen the final message "Ready or not, here I come!"

Use the skeleton we've provided in the editor.

EXTRA INFO

Note that the code in the editor contains two elements which may not be fully clear to you at this moment: the import time statement, and the sleep() method. We're going to talk about them soon.

For the time being, we'd just like you to know that we've imported the time module and used the sleep() method to suspend the execution of each subsequent print() function inside the for loop for one second, so that the message outputted to the console resembles an actual counting. Don't worry - you'll soon learn more about modules and methods.

---
## [BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet)@[3249b4560b...](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet/commit/3249b4560b568fe762f2a695a6427bab7c56c649)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 14:33:17 by DrDuckedGoose

Lasso Fix (#7345)

* Merge https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet into annoying-thing Merge conflicts :)

* Initial - 23 7 22

- Doesn't allow dead mobs to be ridden
- Space walk is now specific to the mob

* Actually Fix It - 23 7 22

* Fuck - 23 7 22

- Fix being able to tame human
- Fix being able to tame the dead

* Update carp_lasso.dm

* You boys fucked buckle code - 23 7 22

* Update carp_lasso.dm

* Update riding.dm

* fix icon - 24 7 22

* Review Changes - 24 7 22

---
## [ParadiseSS13/Paradise](https://github.com/ParadiseSS13/Paradise)@[fd5580307e...](https://github.com/ParadiseSS13/Paradise/commit/fd5580307e1d3a2821ae8b2f26cb04cdcd139f87)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 15:50:04 by Contrabang

Adds a blue overlay to scrying orb users. Spirit realm and scrying orb users now have a special description instead of being catatonic (#18366)

* holy shit blue ghosts

* lets fix that

* you cant see it if its not in ya hand

* Their glowing red eyes are glazed over

* farie review

* farie review pt 2

---
## [DEVL98/TFA-AS-VAL](https://github.com/DEVL98/TFA-AS-VAL)@[302a0adbda...](https://github.com/DEVL98/TFA-AS-VAL/commit/302a0adbda3f5da75ea8ec762b41d9bcc07cf2cc)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 16:00:24 by Seth Laney

Created and updated README.md

Fuck off Latte. I know you think making/updating a readme isn't progress but frankly you could go fuck yourself because you haven't made anything relevant in months even though I kept giving you perfect ideas.

---
## [josephfrazier/Reported-Web](https://github.com/josephfrazier/Reported-Web)@[0ec59081cc...](https://github.com/josephfrazier/Reported-Web/commit/0ec59081cc2c28999b878521bb2d943f390b5a75)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 16:13:04 by Joseph Frazier

Disable zoom on mobile devices to avoid unescapeable map issue (#346)

This fixes https://github.com/josephfrazier/Reported-Web/issues/344 by
preventing zoom entirely, on mobile devices:

> From https://reportedcab.slack.com/archives/C9VNM3DL4/p1657204889174239?thread_ts=1656783831.210109&cid=C9VNM3DL4:
>
> > > UPDATE: you appear to have fixed #2 by disabling pinching, but this also makes map view crash easily (on my first two tries, once it crashed and sent me back to Reported login, then it crashed and sent me to a Chrome "Can't open this page" (edited)
> >
> >
> > I don't think I've made any changes relating to pinching or the map in at least a year (if you're curious, you can see the list of changes here), so I'm not sure how to explain the difference in behavior you're seeing.
> > That said, I can try to discuss the issue:
> > > (2) map view issue #1: The only ways to get out of map view are (1) click one of the buttons on the bottom, or (2) touch the grayed-out part of the underlying page. If neither of those is visible, you can't get out of map view. This means that if you pinch the map out (expand it), even accidentally, so that the margin around the map itself is no longer visible, there is no way to get out of map view, you have to reload the page (and re-upload your photo or maybe start the whole report over, I can't remember). (You can't pinch it back in if the entire window is full of map.)
> >
> >
> > I'm curious how you were previously able to pinch-zoom the map/page such that neither the buttons or the margin were visible. When I try (on Android), I can either pinch the map, which only zooms the map while leaving the rest of the page alone, or I can pinch the margin, which zooms the entire page, but the margin is still visible because I'm pinching it.
> > Perhaps things behave differently on iOS?
>
> > Actually the map zoom issue is: if you are zoomed out at all when you enter map view (which you often are, especially on an iPad, and you may not realize it), you’re screwed, because you can’t zoom in (in order to see the buttons or margins, the things you have to click in order to get out of map view) if the only things your fingers can touch are the map itself
>
> > ohhh, I see now, and I was able to reproduce that issue. I wonder if there's a way to detect the zoom level, and prompt the user to zoom back out all the way before they can open the map
> > (side note, I think we're using "zoom in" and "zoom out" with opposite meanings. To me "zooming in" makes the things on screen bigger, and "zooming out" makes them smaller)

---
## [payday-restoration/restoration-mod](https://github.com/payday-restoration/restoration-mod)@[56cf8bc234...](https://github.com/payday-restoration/restoration-mod/commit/56cf8bc234375b7a09481f2fd262fb55670b3898)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 16:20:22 by Noep

Fixed Gold AK bolt

- YO LIL DONNIE, I JUST SHIT AND PISSED MYSELF AFTER I FOUND OUT THE FUCKING GOLD AK BOLT I WAS HAVING SO MUCH TROUBLE WITH WAS POINTING TO AN INVALID TEXTURE IN ITS MATERIAL CONFIG
-- For real tho, kill me

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[f4b24ddabf...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/f4b24ddabf6ca4bacbab911e65debf530b5cbcd9)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 16:47:09 by Marko Grdinić

"1:25pm. Let me resume the Blazor course.

https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=9219

Hmmm, I see.

1:50pm. https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=9800

Quite magical. I do not mind this as much now.

1:55pm. https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=9970

I see. I thought the cascading params would be name sensitive, but it turns out it matches based on the type.

2pm. https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=10115

I am bored again. Let me watch to the end of this chapter, which is another 15m and I will take a break.

2:10pm. https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=10359

It is not so bad.

2:25pm. https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=10957

I am at the 3h mark. At this point I am over 50% into the course.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuNLR_NJv8U
Learn .NET MAUI - Full Course for Beginners

This caught my eye on the sidebar. I didn't know there was such a thing. I guess MS is giving its all at competing with frameworks like React.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqCDOosvZIk
.NET Microservices – Full Course for Beginners

They caught my eye.

2:45pm. Let me resume. I am of course not going to do the above courses, even Blazor is too much, but just in case. Who knows how these ML jobs are going to turn out. If that fails I'll have to get some full stack dev job.

Anyway, let me see if I can get to the 4h mark today. Study hard!

2:55pm. https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=11305

What is rel? Let me see if I can find that out.

https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_a_rel.asp

Easy enough.

3:05pm. Had to pour some water over myself. Let me resume. 4h, just 4h. I have to reach that mark today.

3:10pm. https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=11902

Huh, this really works. Should the name of the class be the same as the one being extended. Or is the `this` keyword in the first argument responsible for that. That might be it.

https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=11912

In some ways, this is filler. Once I figured out callbacks and parameters, I got 95% of what I need from a reactive library. I suppose this is important, but they are still extras.

3:40pm. Had to take a break. I am ready to resume. Let me just take a look at the MAUI course for 10m. After that I'll focus on getting that JS library operational. JS interop is important.

https://youtu.be/KmLQLSKqvvI
.NET MAUI Explained: What is it, How does it work, and What about Blazor?

3:55pm. https://youtu.be/KmLQLSKqvvI?t=432

Let me leave this for later. Now focus me.

Watching that Blazor course made me sick of it, so now that the homework is due I just want to run away. Even though the homework is the fun part.

I need to overcome my inertia. Let me just focus on doing some coding. When I said that my goal is to hit the 4h mark an hour ago, you'd think it be easy given that I had 4h, but not so much. An hour has passed and I only have 2h left.

https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=12053

Focus me. Let me put these buttons where they should be. First let me implement the toastr thing. Then I'll do the other library.

4:05pm. https://github.com/CodeSeven/toastr

Focus me. Can I figure out how to import this without just copying what the lecturer is doing?

I vaguely get that I need to add these scripts. Then after that how do I access the library? Ah, the thing is on Nuget as well.

Ok, first of all, what is a value task?

https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/understanding-the-whys-whats-and-whens-of-valuetask/

4:15pm. I can't be bothered to read all of that. Basically I can just treat it as task. It is not a stack allocated version of Task, but a wrapper around a Task.

It seems Tasks do some memoization under the hood for whatever reason.

```cs
    public async Task testRun()
    {
        await JSrun.InvokeVoidAsync("toastr.info('Are you the 6 fingered man?')");
    }
```

Will something like this work?

4:25pm. No it does not.

```cs
public async Task testRun() => await JSrun.InvokeVoidAsync("toastr.info","'Are you the 6 fingered man?'");
```

But at least this is activating my neurons and I am not dead bored anymore.

Why is toastr...wait, it is because I didn't import the library. Silly me.

> Refused to apply style from 'https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/toastr.js/latest/toastr.min.js' because its MIME type ('application/javascript') is not a supported stylesheet MIME type, and strict MIME checking is enabled.

I am getting this error in the console.

```
Microsoft.JSInterop.JSException: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'extend')
```

I get a different kind of error when I try to run it.

Hmmm, instead of that, let me try triggering `console.log`.

Oh it works. Now I can be sure of what that thing is going. It is in fact running the function somewhere. Though I have the Google Chrome dev environment, trying to walk through the code is too much for me right now. I see that I have a while ago before I can become a pro webdev. I'll only consider it if I can't get an ML related job.

Ok, now I have no idea. I am going to have to rewatch the video in order to figure out why it is not importing.

https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=11625

Why is he having to write a wrapper for a js library?

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/javascript-interoperability/call-javascript-from-dotnet?view=aspnetcore-6.0

Let me think about this.

https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_window.asp
> The window object is supported by all browsers. It represents the browser's window. All global JavaScript objects, functions, and variables automatically become members of the window object. Global variables are properties of the window object. Global functions are methods of the window object.

Ok, then why do I need to assign it manually inside the code?

Let me think...

4:45pm.

```js
window.qwe = (x) => {
    toastr.warning('My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father, prepare to die!')
}
```

I put it inside a js file and then accessed it like this, but it is not working properly. It says it is trying to access undefined.

https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=11635

Does it also require jquery?

4:50pm. Yes, it seems it does.

https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=11652

I am no longer getting weird exceptions, but nothing is showing up possibly due to style errors.

4:55pm. It is not showing up. At this rate, it seems doubtful I am going to hit the 4h mark. Where am I going wrong? What about that native prompt? Also let me try getting rid of the css.

```
public async Task testRun() => await JSrun.InvokeVoidAsync("prompt","'qwe'");
```

Yeah, this works properly.

```
public async Task testRun() => await JSrun.InvokeVoidAsync("toastr.infow","'qwe'");
```

When I try putting in a method that does not exist, I get an exception. Good.

Why would the css be wrong, I have no idea.

https://github.com/Blazored/Toast

Interesting, but not what I am looking for.

```
<link href="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/toastr.js/latest/toastr.min.js" rel="stylesheet" />
<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/jquery/3.6.0/jquery.min.js" integrity="sha512-894YE6QWD5I59HgZOGReFYm4dnWc1Qt5NtvYSaNcOP+u1T9qYdvdihz0PPSiiqn/+/3e7Jo4EaG7TubfWGUrMQ==" crossorigin="anonymous" referrerpolicy="no-referrer"></script>
<script src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/toastr.js/latest/toastr.min.js"></script>
<script>
	toastr.info("qwe")
</script>
```

I tried putting this into a html file and running it. Nothing shows up. What the hell? No wait.

Looking at that first line, why is it not .css?

FFFFUCK! That was the error!

I was sure I put in .css, but I was wrong!

I thought there might be weird library incompatibilities or something like that.

5:10pm. Ok, now I can move forward.

```
@page "/blazorjs"
@inject IJSRuntime JSrun

<h3>BlazorJS</h3>

<div class="row p-2">
    <button class="btn btn-success col-2"
        @onclick=@(e => JSrun.InvokeVoidAsync("toastr.success","'Great!'"))
        >
        Toastr Success
    </button>
    <button class="btn btn-danger col-2"
        @onclick=@(e => JSrun.InvokeVoidAsync("toastr.error","'Bad!'"))>
        >
        Toastr Failure
    </button>
</div>
<div class="row p-2">
    <button class="btn btn-success col-2">SweetAlert Success</button>
    <button class="btn btn-danger col-2">SweetAlert Failure</button>
</div>

@code {
}
```

This works. Now I need SweetAlerts functionality. But before that, let me check out how he styled the buttons.

```
@onclick=@(e => JSrun.InvokeVoidAsync("toastr.success","Great!"))
```

Not what I thought. It seems it does not need the quotes. Does it only...Ah, I get it. It is not that it only accepts strings. But it does the smart thing when converting them to JS native datatypes. It takes in .NET `obj`s as arguments.

5:15pm. https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=11999

Let me focus on sweet alerts. The styling will have to come last. Styling is always my weakness.

https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/sweetalert2

The sweet alert it here.

But what about the stylesheet for it?

Let me try it without it.

```
Swal.fire({
  icon: 'error',
  title: 'Oops...',
  text: 'Something went wrong!',
  footer: '<a href="">Why do I have this issue?</a>'
})
```

How do I pass in this kind of argument?

Let me check out C# anonymous records.

```cs
var v = new { Amount = 108, Message = "Hello" };

// Rest the mouse pointer over v.Amount and v.Message in the following
// statement to verify that their inferred types are int and string.
Console.WriteLine(v.Amount + v.Message);
```

Ok.

```
    <button class="btn btn-danger col-2"
        @onclick=@(e => JSrun.InvokeVoidAsync("Swal.fire",new {
            icon= "error",
            title= "Oops...",
            text= "Something went wrong!",
            footer= "<a href=\"\">Why do I have this issue?</a>"
            }))
        >
        SweetAlert Failure
    </button>
```

Let me try it like this.

Oh, it works perfectly. Nice. It does not seem like I need the style sheets. the style is the same as on the website.

Ok...

Let me watch the video. This kind of assignment should not have taken me more than 5m.

https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=12098

Ah, that is how he is setting the width. I forgot about `style`.

5:35pm. https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=12351

Now focus me. For the next hour it is only videos. He really took the long way in making those alerts, in contrast my own solution is the most succinct.

https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=12428

Oh I see. So this is how I could have accessed a different page.

6pm.

```cs
var q = async () =>
{
    await Task.Delay(500);
    Console.WriteLine("qwe");
    return 3;
};

var x = async (Task<int> t) =>
{
    var a = await t;
    var b = await t;
    return a + b;
};

Console.WriteLine(await x(q()));
```

It is interesting that the most recent C# has a simplified top level. I am amazed. I can even do async things in it. Now a hello world program is just an one liner in it.

Anyway, I was curious as to how many times qwe would get printed and the answer is 1. So once a task runs, the result for it gets memoized. Yeah, I recall reading that this is how it works, but that was so long ago, that I was not sure. Ok, let me move on.

https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=12921

It is 6pm and I am only at the 3:35h mark. It is such a grindfest trying to follow this along. Let me put in more effort until it is time for lunch.

https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=13279

He is really messing up this demonstration. He should be outputting to log. That way I'd know the actual order.

https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=13892

I can barely watch this, but I should be able to manage for 10m more.

6:30pm. https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=14322

Now it is connecting back to what I studied in the ASP.NET course.

Let me just hit the next chapter in 3m and then I'll go have lunch.

6:05pm. https://youtu.be/QKr1HPq6YlI?t=14479

Let me stop here. Just how much of the course have I covered today? A bit over 2h. That 3h taken in real life for every hour of the course. Seems about right. Anyway, that means since there is less than 2h left in the course that I should be able to finish it tomorrow. Hopefully that cards get here tomorrow so I can start my cloud studies. Cloud ML is the most important for me follow by cloud apps if I have the time.

While I look for the job, I'll just study and use my time wisely.

It is not a given that I'll get an offer for the 4 hits I have alive currently. And even if I get an offer who knows whether they'll be high enough to interest me. I am my own worst enemy here, so I should be approachable and not to imposing with my own interests during the interviews. I doubt I'll fluke the programming assignments, so the way the conversation goes is what will decide it.

6:40pm. Why not check out the AI chips I am so interested in? I mean, if TensTorrent has them on the cloud somewhere, why not try out programming them?

A year ago, this did not even occur to me. It just shows how deluded I am about the real world. Right now, I have just about returned to sanity. It is really a pity about Heaven's Key, but I'd rather make money, but be a peniless artist after all. If I have time during work, maybe I'll direct some of that into writing. It is not a given that I'll be busy all the time.

Given how much these programming jobs pay, I could work for a few years and then have enough money to retire in Croatia. Even sooner if I can make money in the stock market. I certainly have the skills for it now.

6:40pm. Looking at the market, it does not really feel like bear market action. Sure the current decline might be protracted, but I do not think it is dangerous just yet.

So I'd buy here and wait 3 months.

Or rather, what if BTC collapses, but the market shows resiliency? That would be good buy signal. Since I do not have a brokerage account right now, I can wait in leisure.

Let's compromise, I'd be long here, but not on margin. 50% should be enough. I could always increase the position once the bear goes away.

Time for lunch. I am done for the day."

---
## [PixelExperience-Devices/kernel_xiaomi_lavender](https://github.com/PixelExperience-Devices/kernel_xiaomi_lavender)@[913870e6a0...](https://github.com/PixelExperience-Devices/kernel_xiaomi_lavender/commit/913870e6a08b069c8ff8d1c4f9146bcdaa69b4ec)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 17:13:32 by Vasily Averin

mm, oom: pagefault_out_of_memory: don't force global OOM for dying tasks

commit 0b28179a6138a5edd9d82ad2687c05b3773c387b upstream.

Patch series "memcg: prohibit unconditional exceeding the limit of dying tasks", v3.

Memory cgroup charging allows killed or exiting tasks to exceed the hard
limit.  It can be misused and allowed to trigger global OOM from inside
a memcg-limited container.  On the other hand if memcg fails allocation,
called from inside #PF handler it triggers global OOM from inside
pagefault_out_of_memory().

To prevent these problems this patchset:
 (a) removes execution of out_of_memory() from
     pagefault_out_of_memory(), becasue nobody can explain why it is
     necessary.
 (b) allow memcg to fail allocation of dying/killed tasks.

This patch (of 3):

Any allocation failure during the #PF path will return with VM_FAULT_OOM
which in turn results in pagefault_out_of_memory which in turn executes
out_out_memory() and can kill a random task.

An allocation might fail when the current task is the oom victim and
there are no memory reserves left.  The OOM killer is already handled at
the page allocator level for the global OOM and at the charging level
for the memcg one.  Both have much more information about the scope of
allocation/charge request.  This means that either the OOM killer has
been invoked properly and didn't lead to the allocation success or it
has been skipped because it couldn't have been invoked.  In both cases
triggering it from here is pointless and even harmful.

It makes much more sense to let the killed task die rather than to wake
up an eternally hungry oom-killer and send him to choose a fatter victim
for breakfast.

Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/0828a149-786e-7c06-b70a-52d086818ea3@virtuozzo.com
Signed-off-by: Vasily Averin <vvs@virtuozzo.com>
Suggested-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.com>
Acked-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.com>
Cc: Johannes Weiner <hannes@cmpxchg.org>
Cc: Mel Gorman <mgorman@techsingularity.net>
Cc: Roman Gushchin <guro@fb.com>
Cc: Shakeel Butt <shakeelb@google.com>
Cc: Tetsuo Handa <penguin-kernel@i-love.sakura.ne.jp>
Cc: Uladzislau Rezki <urezki@gmail.com>
Cc: Vladimir Davydov <vdavydov.dev@gmail.com>
Cc: Vlastimil Babka <vbabka@suse.cz>
Cc: <stable@vger.kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

---
## [TheFwuffernaut/MWC-Current-Branch](https://github.com/TheFwuffernaut/MWC-Current-Branch)@[47dcb10f24...](https://github.com/TheFwuffernaut/MWC-Current-Branch/commit/47dcb10f24f4321a5c832b4912f58e370d3b426f)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 19:38:25 by TheFwuffernaut

Add files via upload

changelog:
- art added to HA (10 frames as per last sets)
- Musashi Dokkodo CC unit heat adjustment for "Where'd They Go" Reaction (the Invis on kill/structure reaction), to 2 heat from 1 (definitely implemented this time)
- Archdevil Hurl Through Hell now a Full Action to Skirmish with 1 mount, same effects. Yes this is intentional synergy with Skirmisher/On Skirmish things. It also patches the frame being OP w/ Dustgrave's SH CB, so you can't +1 Accuracy Blast 1 Seeking a SH weapon anymore
- Phoenix GLAUCUS-Class NHP now destroys itself rather than the mount to prevent Shenanigans:gm:
- HORUS CB Lesson of Unspoken Parables is now repair any weapon/non-AI system.
- some SSC system I don't remember that was 2 months back
- some HORUS weapon I don't remember that was also 2 months back

I'm sorry for how vague those last 2 are, but I can't for the life of me remember what they are :(

---
## [lolipuru/android_kernel_sony_sm8250](https://github.com/lolipuru/android_kernel_sony_sm8250)@[31a058ec7e...](https://github.com/lolipuru/android_kernel_sony_sm8250/commit/31a058ec7e127754d18eff88c6078e03ada0c1a0)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 20:01:36 by Maciej Żenczykowski

FROMGIT: bpf: Do not change gso_size during bpf_skb_change_proto()

This is technically a backwards incompatible change in behaviour, but I'm
going to argue that it is very unlikely to break things, and likely to fix
*far* more then it breaks.

In no particular order, various reasons follow:

(a) I've long had a bug assigned to myself to debug a super rare kernel crash
on Android Pixel phones which can (per stacktrace) be traced back to BPF clat
IPv6 to IPv4 protocol conversion causing some sort of ugly failure much later
on during transmit deep in the GSO engine, AFAICT precisely because of this
change to gso_size, though I've never been able to manually reproduce it. I
believe it may be related to the particular network offload support of attached
USB ethernet dongle being used for tethering off of an IPv6-only cellular
connection. The reason might be we end up with more segments than max permitted,
or with a GSO packet with only one segment... (either way we break some
assumption and hit a BUG_ON)

(b) There is no check that the gso_size is > 20 when reducing it by 20, so we
might end up with a negative (or underflowing) gso_size or a gso_size of 0.
This can't possibly be good. Indeed this is probably somehow exploitable (or
at least can result in a kernel crash) by delivering crafted packets and perhaps
triggering an infinite loop or a divide by zero... As a reminder: gso_size (MSS)
is related to MTU, but not directly derived from it: gso_size/MSS may be
significantly smaller then one would get by deriving from local MTU. And on
some NICs (which do loose MTU checking on receive, it may even potentially be
larger, for example my work pc with 1500 MTU can receive 1520 byte frames [and
sometimes does due to bugs in a vendor plat46 implementation]). Indeed even just
going from 21 to 1 is potentially problematic because it increases the number
of segments by a factor of 21 (think DoS, or some other crash due to too many
segments).

(c) It's always safe to not increase the gso_size, because it doesn't result in
the max packet size increasing.  So the skb_increase_gso_size() call was always
unnecessary for correctness (and outright undesirable, see later). As such the
only part which is potentially dangerous (ie. could cause backwards compatibility
issues) is the removal of the skb_decrease_gso_size() call.

(d) If the packets are ultimately destined to the local device, then there is
absolutely no benefit to playing around with gso_size. It only matters if the
packets will egress the device. ie. we're either forwarding, or transmitting
from the device.

(e) This logic only triggers for packets which are GSO. It does not trigger for
skbs which are not GSO. It will not convert a non-GSO MTU sized packet into a
GSO packet (and you don't even know what the MTU is, so you can't even fix it).
As such your transmit path must *already* be able to handle an MTU 20 bytes
larger then your receive path (for IPv4 to IPv6 translation) - and indeed 28
bytes larger due to IPv4 fragments. Thus removing the skb_decrease_gso_size()
call doesn't actually increase the size of the packets your transmit side must
be able to handle. ie. to handle non-GSO max-MTU packets, the IPv4/IPv6 device/
route MTUs must already be set correctly. Since for example with an IPv4 egress
MTU of 1500, IPv4 to IPv6 translation will already build 1520 byte IPv6 frames,
so you need a 1520 byte device MTU. This means if your IPv6 device's egress
MTU is 1280, your IPv4 route must be 1260 (and actually 1252, because of the
need to handle fragments). This is to handle normal non-GSO packets. Thus the
reduction is simply not needed for GSO packets, because when they're correctly
built, they will already be the right size.

(f) TSO/GSO should be able to exactly undo GRO: the number of packets (TCP
segments) should not be modified, so that TCP's MSS counting works correctly
(this matters for congestion control). If protocol conversion changes the
gso_size, then the number of TCP segments may increase or decrease. Packet loss
after protocol conversion can result in partial loss of MSS segments that the
sender sent. How's the sending TCP stack going to react to receiving ACKs/SACKs
in the middle of the segments it sent?

(g) skb_{decrease,increase}_gso_size() are already no-ops for GSO_BY_FRAGS
case (besides triggering WARN_ON_ONCE). This means you already cannot guarantee
that gso_size (and thus resulting packet MTU) is changed. ie. you must assume
it won't be changed.

(h) changing gso_size is outright buggy for UDP GSO packets, where framing
matters (I believe that's also the case for SCTP, but it's already excluded
by [g]).  So the only remaining case is TCP, which also doesn't want it
(see [f]).

(i) see also the reasoning on the previous attempt at fixing this
(commit fa7b83bf3b156c767f3e4a25bbf3817b08f3ff8e) which shows that the current
behaviour causes TCP packet loss:

  In the forwarding path GRO -> BPF 6 to 4 -> GSO for TCP traffic, the
  coalesced packet payload can be > MSS, but < MSS + 20.

  bpf_skb_proto_6_to_4() will upgrade the MSS and it can be > the payload
  length. After then tcp_gso_segment checks for the payload length if it
  is <= MSS. The condition is causing the packet to be dropped.

  tcp_gso_segment():
    [...]
    mss = skb_shinfo(skb)->gso_size;
    if (unlikely(skb->len <= mss)) goto out;
    [...]

Thus changing the gso_size is simply a very bad idea. Increasing is unnecessary
and buggy, and decreasing can go negative.

Fixes: 6578171a7ff0 ("bpf: add bpf_skb_change_proto helper")
Signed-off-by: Maciej Żenczykowski <maze@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Daniel Borkmann <daniel@iogearbox.net>
Cc: Dongseok Yi <dseok.yi@samsung.com>
Cc: Willem de Bruijn <willemb@google.com>
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/bpf/CANP3RGfjLikQ6dg=YpBU0OeHvyv7JOki7CyOUS9modaXAi-9vQ@mail.gmail.com
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/bpf/20210617000953.2787453-2-zenczykowski@gmail.com

(cherry picked from commit 364745fbe981a4370f50274475da4675661104df https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/bpf/bpf-next.git/commit/?id=364745fbe981a4370f50274475da4675661104df )
Test: builds, TreeHugger
Bug: 188690383
Signed-off-by: Maciej Żenczykowski <maze@google.com>
Change-Id: I0ef3174cbd3caaa42d5779334a9c0bfdc9ab81f5
(cherry picked from commit 1bdb208df800d04656edf2d39c82042dac3ce131)

---
## [LuminariMUD/Luminari-Source](https://github.com/LuminariMUD/Luminari-Source)@[27a89d81e1...](https://github.com/LuminariMUD/Luminari-Source/commit/27a89d81e18993d75efc9547d9073977d222c4f3)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 20:52:38 by GickerLDS

Added Inquisitor class.
Added teamwork feats.
Added the following feats/class abilities: Judgement, Monster Lore, Stern Gaze,
Cunning Initiative, Detect Alignment, Solo Tactics, Teamwork, Bane, Stalwart,
Greater Bane, Exploit Weakness, Slayer, True Judgement, Second Judgement,
Third Judgement, Fourth Judgement, Fifth Judgement, Perfect Judgement,
Back To Back, Coordinated Defense, Coordinated Maneuvers, Coordinated Shot,
Duck And Cover, Harder They Fall, Outflank, Paired Opportunists, Precise Flanking,
Phalanx Fighter, Seize The Moment, Shake It Off, Shield Wall, Shielded Caster,
Stealth Synergy, Tandem Trip, and Targetted Opportunity.
Added the following new spells: Remove Paralysis, Dancing Weapon, Spiritual Weapon,
Undetectable Alignment, Weapon Of Awe, Blinding Ray, Holy Javelin, Invisibility Purge,
Keen Edge, Weapon Of Impact, Greater Magic Weapon, Magic Vestment, Protection From Energy,
Communal Protection From Energy, Searing Light, Divine Power, Wind Wall, Air Walk,
Gaseous Form, Restoration, and Silence.
Improved output by the spells command.
Added small descriptions to class selection in character creation.

---
## [alikhanyyan/app](https://github.com/alikhanyyan/app)@[b5ed64cfab...](https://github.com/alikhanyyan/app/commit/b5ed64cfab46b64dce15f300c404efce6b684b3c)
#### Saturday 2022-07-23 22:49:29 by Meri Alikhanyan

Seats in Theater

Your friend advised you to see a new performance in the most popular theater in the city. He knows a lot about art and his advice is usually good, but not this time: the performance turned out to be awfully dull. It's so bad you want to sneak out, which is quite simple, especially since the exit is located right behind your row to the left. All you need to do is climb over your seat and make your way to the exit.

The main problem is your shyness: you're afraid that you'll end up blocking the view (even if only for a couple of seconds) of all the people who sit behind you and in your column or the columns to your left. To gain some courage, you decide to calculate the number of such people and see if you can possibly make it to the exit without disturbing too many people.

Given the total number of rows and columns in the theater (nRows and nCols, respectively), and the row and column you're sitting in, return the number of people who sit strictly behind you and in your column or to the left, assuming all seats are occupied.

---

# [<](2022-07-22.md) 2022-07-23 [>](2022-07-24.md)

