# [<](2022-09-16.md) 2022-09-17 [>](2022-09-18.md)

1,863,345 events recorded by [gharchive.org](https://www.gharchive.org/) of which 1,863,345 were push events containing 2,473,371 commit messages that amount to 130,474,947 characters filtered with [words.py@e23d022007...](https://github.com/defgsus/good-github/blob/e23d022007992279f9bcb3a9fd40126629d787e2/src/words.py) to these 25 messages:


## [apollographql/apollo-server](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server)@[793de3e230...](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/commit/793de3e2308cc3ec98f14a67801c77a5e6640a7d)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 00:08:25 by Trevor Scheer

Add Jest imports everywhere, remove global availability (#6911)

In ESM mode, the `jest` globals are technically no longer available. For
some reason, we're still getting away with it, but this issue surfaces
in the v29 upgrade PR so I'm going to address it separately.

https://jestjs.io/docs/ecmascript-modules#differences-between-esm-and-commonjs

Ref:
https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/pull/6850#issuecomment-1247157466

<!--
First, 🌠 thank you 🌠 for taking the time to consider a contribution to
Apollo!

Here are some important details to follow:

* ⏰ Your time is important
To save your precious time, if the contribution you are making will take
more
than an hour, please make sure it has been discussed in an issue first.
          This is especially true for feature requests!
* 💡 Features
Feature requests can be created and discussed within a GitHub Issue. Be
sure to search for existing feature requests (and related issues!) prior
to
opening a new request. If an existing issue covers the need, please
upvote
that issue by using the 👍 emote, rather than opening a new issue.
* 🔌 Integrations
Apollo Server has many web-framework integrations including Express,
Koa,
Hapi and more. When adding a new feature, or fixing a bug, please take a
peak and see if other integrations are also affected. In most cases, the
fix can be applied to the other frameworks as well. Please note that,
since new web-frameworks have a high maintenance cost, pull-requests for
new web-frameworks should be discussed with a project maintainer first.
* 🕷 Bug fixes
These can be created and discussed in this repository. When fixing a
bug,
please _try_ to add a test which verifies the fix. If you cannot, you
should
still submit the PR but we may still ask you (and help you!) to create a
test.
* 📖 Contribution guidelines
Follow
https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
when submitting a pull request. Make sure existing tests still pass, and
add
          tests for all new behavior.
* ✏️ Explain your pull request
Describe the big picture of your changes here to communicate to what
your
pull request is meant to accomplish. Provide 🔗 links 🔗 to associated
issues!

We hope you will find this to be a positive experience! Open source
contribution can be intimidating and we hope to alleviate that pain as
much as possible. Without following these guidelines, you may be missing
context that can help you succeed with your contribution, which is why
we encourage discussion first. Ultimately, there is no guarantee that we
will be able to merge your pull-request, but by following these
guidelines we can try to avoid disappointment.
-->

---
## [PragatiVerma18/geeksay](https://github.com/PragatiVerma18/geeksay)@[cbe09e5ce6...](https://github.com/PragatiVerma18/geeksay/commit/cbe09e5ce69648f97b5e4a3fee6190756b85f109)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 00:09:37 by Devendra Dhanal

Added quotes and translation (#42)

Added a few more quotes:
"There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary and those who don't",
"I love my life",
"I love my house",
"heart break",
 "I like to fix shit"

Added the translation:
"heart": "<3",
"love": "<3",
"like": "<3"

---
## [jorbian/holbertonschool-low_level_programming](https://github.com/jorbian/holbertonschool-low_level_programming)@[49f53ec688...](https://github.com/jorbian/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/commit/49f53ec68832398ad7b9530357205de5afec72a4)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 01:33:30 by jorbian

God! The stupid fucking checker can get really really petty sometimes.

---
## [Xpost2000/Legends-JRPG](https://github.com/Xpost2000/Legends-JRPG)@[c51ffd2215...](https://github.com/Xpost2000/Legends-JRPG/commit/c51ffd22156e2c7cde51a152bf35e3869c12956d)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 01:54:49 by Jerry Zhu

Inversion special effect

Used for some attacks... Anyways that shit looked really cool... I'm
going to stop here. I'm pretty happy with the work I did today, and I
didn't spend super duper long.

The system seems robust enough, and for the most part what I worked on
shouldn't be too broken.

We're going to need to go back and work on some other stuff
tomorrow. Very very happy with this progress.

---
## [Paxilmaniac/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Paxilmaniac/Skyrat-tg)@[bbd7797dd2...](https://github.com/Paxilmaniac/Skyrat-tg/commit/bbd7797dd2b9107f1a1e9a42cf8bffbbe70355d3)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 01:57:53 by SkyratBot

[MIRROR] Fixes asset caching [MDB IGNORE] (#16189)

* Fixes asset caching (#69852)

The asset was being loaded, seeing that fully_generated is false, so it
attempts to rebuild. The rebuilding clears the existing file cache, and
fucks us.

Life is pain.

* Fixes asset caching

Co-authored-by: LemonInTheDark <58055496+LemonInTheDark@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [ashutoshmjain/gita](https://github.com/ashutoshmjain/gita)@[c5e9ee70b9...](https://github.com/ashutoshmjain/gita/commit/c5e9ee70b933a67cca884c767dac5cbea0a040ae)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 02:18:40 by ashutosh jain

	modified:   src/prologue.md
Since the article  has reached the core completion, I am planning to
maintain a version history hereon. The idea is to track how interact
with this knowledge artifact hereon.

Up until now, there were many things shaping up simultaneously. The
storyline , the style, the format and the depth. As such it was
difficult to keep a track of evolution. Plus I was not sure if the
article had make it to the final cut of the book.

I think, now I have a good handle on all these aspects. I still need to add final pieces of
the story but those are well formed in my mind.

-----

The plan is to have at least one commit - preferably the last commit of
the day, capture the spirit of all the changes for the day. I want to
reach a cadence level where I write the motivation for the changes for
every single commit but sometimes that is just too much and don't want
to beat me down for that.

---

Version history, along with comments are the knowledge part of a piece
of text. Text in itself - in the final shape - is just information. The
thing that should have a value is the version history and commentary ;
not the final copy.

---
Changes of the day

Started reading the article from the first line. It is a fast and easy
read but felt like the starting needs to be more immersive for the
reader. So the focus today was to fix the opening ten pages. In the
morning session, I ordered the flow. Dropped few paras. Made the
arguments bit more sharp and language bit more conducive. In the evening
session , started writing a new paragraph to ease the reader in. A
sensational start maybe.

---

Key concepts added
- In the days if spoken word, the idea of time keeping on scriptures
  were pretty insignificant. That is the reason , texts of early
  scriptures have no date.
- Astrology needed time keeping as well charting mechanism much beyond
  the spoken word. Even beyond the written word.

---

Regular typos and Language tool grammar objections.

---
## [AleziaKurdis/overte](https://github.com/AleziaKurdis/overte)@[4a49631007...](https://github.com/AleziaKurdis/overte/commit/4a49631007af4a471acf179d9a7a4bca19ea6afa)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 02:29:03 by Alezia Kurdis

Added HMD notifications dismissal

Added a gestural way to dismiss the notifications in HMD.

The notifications vanishes after 10 sec. 
But if for any reason we want to accelerate the process (mostly because it hide the view or it is going to appears in photo capture)
In Desktop we can simply click on the notification to get rid of them.
But in HMD, clicking was kinda a pain (assuming the if you want to dismiss the notification is often because they are already annoying you)
have to aim and click is like pressing a button using a fishing pole, it's certainly adding more annoyance to this.
To addressed that, I introduced the "Whoosh!": An easy gesture to dismiss any 3d UI, by simply move one of you controller over you eyes height. (a bit like making flee an annoying fly.)

---
## [Heroic-Games-Launcher/HeroicGamesLauncher](https://github.com/Heroic-Games-Launcher/HeroicGamesLauncher)@[3f6541c8a7...](https://github.com/Heroic-Games-Launcher/HeroicGamesLauncher/commit/3f6541c8a700511cea9f0c9b572a5d2138ee76e3)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 02:41:35 by Mathis Dröge

Improve README and developer experience (#1807)

* Update VSCode configuration

* Lots of README changes

- Update our bages; might've overdone it a little, but they're fun to add :^)
- Add badges for Web Technologies used
- Rewrite & bump up system requirements a bit
- Wrap the Language list, Development in a container, and Screenshots in
  <details>; this makes the page load faster and makes it seem less
  daunting
- Add a Flathub badge to the Flatpak section
- Unify Linux install instructions (as much as possible)
- Remove 3rd-party APT repository
  In my opinion, we have enough distribution formats already, and the
  install instructions are a little dodgy
- Add Beta AUR package to the list
- Clarify Windows install instructions by splitting up WinGet and manual
  install
- Make "Development environment" its own section
- Remove Beta and Alpha notes on Windows and macOS build instructions
- Explain what exactly is happening when you run `yarn dev` and in which
  scenarios you might want to use it
- Move the "Back to top" badge to the actual bottom of the page

* Add a Content Security Policy

This doesn't really do much in our situation:
- Just in case someone ever manages to load a website in Heroic's main
  window, no JS can run inside it
- Gets rid of the warning in the console when testing with `yarn dev`

I've tested the Webviews (unaffected) and links to ProtonDB and such
(also unaffected, not sure why though). Please test if this breaks
anything

---
## [walternewtz/android_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845](https://github.com/walternewtz/android_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845)@[5932ed5398...](https://github.com/walternewtz/android_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/commit/5932ed5398ea099850bea889bf3f741f5509a992)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 04:20:16 by tanish2k09

Introducing KLapse - A kernel level livedisplay module v4.0:

Author: @tanish2k09 (email: tanish2k09.dev@gmail.com)

What is it?
Kernel-based Lapse ("K-Lapse") is a linear RGB scaling module that 'shifts' RGB based on time (of the day/selected by user), or (since v2.0) brightness. This concept is inspired from
LineageOS (formerly known as 'CyanogenMod') ROM's feature "livedisplay" which also changes the display settings (RGB, hue, temperature, etc) based on time.

Why did you decide to make this? (Tell me a story).
I (personally) am a big fan of the livedisplay feature found on LineageOS ROM. I used it every single day, since Android Lollipop. Starting from Android Nougat, a native night mode
solution was added to AOSP and it felt like livedisplay was still way superior, thanks to its various options (you could say it spoiled me, sure). I also maintained a kernel (Venom
kernel) for the device I was using at that time. It was all good until the OEM dropped support for the device at Android M, and XDA being XDA, was already working on N ROMs. The issue
was, these ROMs weren't LineageOS or based on it, so livedisplay was... gone. I decided I'll try to bring that feature to every other ROM. How would I do that? Of course! The kernel! It
worked on every single ROM, it was the key! I started to work on it ASAP and here it is, up on GitHub, licensed under GPL (check klapse.c), open to everyone :)

How does it work?
Think of it like a fancy night mode, but not really. Klapse is dependent on an RGB interface (like Gamma on MTK and KCAL on SD chipsets). It fetches time from the kernel, converts it to
local time, and selects and RGB set based on the time. The result is really smooth shifting of RGB over time.

How does it really work (dev)?
Klapse mode 1 (time-based scaling) uses a method void klapse_pulse(void) that should ideally be called every minute. This can be done by injecting a pulse call inside another method that
is called repeatedly naturally, like cpufreq or atomic or frame commits. It can be anything, whatever you like, even a kthread, as long as it is called repeatedly naturally. To execute
every 60 seconds, use jiffies or ktime, or any similar method. The pulse function fetches the current time and makes calculations based on the current hour and the values of the tunables
listed down below.

Klapse mode 2 (brightness-based scaling) uses a method void set_rgb_slider(<type> bl_lvl) where is the data type of the brightness level used in your kernel source. (OnePlus 6 uses u32
data type for bl_lvl) set_rgb_slider needs to be called/injected inside a function that sets brightness for your device. (OnePlus 6 uses dsi_panel.c for that, check out the diff for that
file in /op6)

What all stuff can it do?

1, Emulate night mode with the proper RGB settings
2, Smoothly scale from one set of RGB to another set of RGB in integral intervals over time.
3, Reduce perceived brightness using brightness_factor by reducing the amount of color on screen. Allows lower apparent brightness than system permits.
4, Scale RGB based on brightness of display (low brightness usually implies a dark environment, where yellowness is probably useful).
5, Automate the perceived brightness independent of whether klapse is enabled, using its own set of start and stop hours.
6, Be more efficient,faster by residing inside the kernel instead of having to use the HWC HAL like android's night mode.
7, (On older devices) Reduce stuttering or frame lags caused by native night mode.
8, An easier solution against overlay-based apps that run as service in userspace/Android and sometimes block apps asking for permissions.
9, Give you a Livedisplay alternative if it doesn't work in your ROM.
10, Impress your crush so you can get a date (Hey, don't forget to credit me if it works).

Alright, so this is a replacement for night mode?
NO! Not at all. One can say this is merely an alternative for LineageOS' Livedisplay, but inside a kernel. Night mode is a sub-function of both Livedisplay and KLapse. Most comparisons
here were made with night mode because that's what an average user uses, and will relate to the most. There is absolutely no reason for your Android kernel to not have KLapse. Go ahead
and add it or ask your kernel maintainer to. It's super-easy!

What can it NOT do (yet)?

1, Calculate scaling to the level of minutes, like "Start from 5:37pm till 7:19am". --TODO
2, Make coffee for you.
3, Fly you to the moon. Without a heavy suit.
4, Get you a monthly subscription of free food, cereal included.

All these following tunables are found in their respective files in /sys/klapse/

1. enable_klapse : A switch to enable or disable klapse. Values : 0 = off, 1 = on (since v2.0, 2 = brightness-dependent mode)
2. klapse_start_hour : The hour at which klapse should start scaling the RGB values from daytime to target (see next points). Values : 0-23
3. klapse_stop_hour : The hour by which klapse should scale back the RGB values from target to daytime (see next points). Values : 0-23
4. daytime_rgb : The RGB set that must be used for all the time outside of start and stop hour range.
5. target_rgb : The RGB set that must be scaled towards for all the time inside of start and stop hour range.
6. klapse_scaling_rate : Controls how soon the RGB reaches from daytime to target inside of start and stop hour range. Once target is reached, it remains constant till 30 minutes before
   stop hour, where target RGB scales back to daytime RGB.
7. brightness_factor : From the name itself, this value has the ability to bend perception and make your display appear as if it is at a lesser brightness level than it actually is at.
   It works by reducing the RGB values by the same factor. Values : 2-10, (10 means accurate brightness, 5 means 50% of current brightness, you get it)
8. brightness_factor_auto : A switch that allows you to automatically set the brightness factor in a set time range. Value : 0 = off, 1 = on
9. brightness_factor_auto_start_hour : The hour at which brightness_factor should be applied. Works only if #8 is 1. Values : 0-23
10. brightness_factor_auto_stop_hour : The hour at which brightness_factor should be reverted to 10. Works only if #8 is 1. Values : 0-23
11. backlight_range : The brightness range within which klapse should scale from daytime to target_rgb. Works only if #1 is 2. Values : MIN_BRIGHTNESS-MAX_BRIGHTNESS

Signed-off-by: Eliminater74 <eliminater74@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: energyspear17 <energyspear17@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Michael <loukerismichalis@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: PainKiller3 <ninadpatil100@gmail.com>

---
## [replayio/devtools](https://github.com/replayio/devtools)@[9dc23c2b4d...](https://github.com/replayio/devtools/commit/9dc23c2b4dc82ac980e5d4d73eac9ea96ef30813)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 05:34:51 by Josh Morrow

Refine focus region based on received points

I'm not sure how this particular feature never got in. I remember
thinking last time I was working on focus stuff that we should do it,
but I guess I never actually got around to doing it. The idea is
relatively simple:

Sometimes the user asks for a focus region in which our known timeline
is sparse. We do our best to get them an accurate window, but it's tough
because points are few and far between. But there is *good* news there,
which is that we can't display anything incorrectly, because we don't
know about anything in the sparse ranges (that's why they are sparse).

But, then the trouble starts. The user has chosen a window, and they
start doing things like settings breakpoints. We are filling in our
sparse timeline! But sometimes those points actually fall *between* the
displayed end of the focus region and real end of the window for which
we are currently making requests. When this happens, you get
funny-looking results, like analysis points hanging out in regions that
look unloaded. The solution is actually relatively simple. When we are
focused and we discover new points, we check to see if any of those
points could be used to make a more refined focus window. If so, we just
update our focus window. No additional interactions with the backend are
required, and if we have a really dense analysis, that's fine, because
it just means we will get even *more* accurate information about the
point <-> time relationship in that region.

---
## [tyeagg/TerraGov-Marine-Corps](https://github.com/tyeagg/TerraGov-Marine-Corps)@[a96d4df973...](https://github.com/tyeagg/TerraGov-Marine-Corps/commit/a96d4df9736c68bf6534de6124698fabbd9e9c97)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 06:05:48 by 567Turtle

item storage tweaks (#10913)

* whistle thing

i hate this fucking game

* grammar

who knew defibrillator was spelled with two Ls

* defib go bye bye

bye bye

* few other things

Makes it so you can put a sodering tool in your belt and your vest, robots need healing to

* injector boots

If you can put a whole ass MRE in your boot you can put a little ass pen in there

* reverts changelog changes

nuff said

* fixes things

adds trail commas where I forgot them, removes medipens going in shoes

* jaeger module soldering tool

you can put a soldering tool into the medical jaeger storage module :)

* reverts typo fix

nuff said

---
## [yogstation13/Yogstation](https://github.com/yogstation13/Yogstation)@[fba856e02f...](https://github.com/yogstation13/Yogstation/commit/fba856e02f00382134c20145658560c3fc884841)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 11:33:50 by Skrem_7

Adds Vxtvul Hammer without stupid conflicts (#15630)

* the thing that will actually work

* God bless you Tatax

Co-authored-by: tattax <71668564+tattax@users.noreply.github.com>

* smashes the errors

* in hindsight that code review was awesome as fuck

Co-authored-by: tattax <71668564+tattax@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Jamie D <993128+JamieD1@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [ABossOfMyself/hardhat-nft-fcc-1](https://github.com/ABossOfMyself/hardhat-nft-fcc-1)@[3a8b3e25a6...](https://github.com/ABossOfMyself/hardhat-nft-fcc-1/commit/3a8b3e25a68da6e5a21f84b9a3acb479fab9c984)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 13:03:41 by M.Siddique

Updated the deploy mocks

You have the wrong contract my friend, Just saw your discussion, it was wild.
Sorry for the late assist I was busy elsewhere!
This should solve your current error!

---
## [NullCGT/NetHack](https://github.com/NullCGT/NetHack)@[8a549b0a60...](https://github.com/NullCGT/NetHack/commit/8a549b0a602fdb13d13fa83bb2f6b1d1a1a257cf)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 13:15:08 by Michael Meyer

Shopkeepers hold a grudge against past thieves

When you steal from a shop, its shopkeeper will remember you as a thief
and charge you higher prices in the future (as well as be more curt and
less polite in interactions with you, though not outright hostile) even
if you pacify them, or die on the level and revisit it later as a bones
file.  This was an idea aosdict had, and I think it makes sense that a
shopkeeper doesn't forgive and forget, immediately returning to treating
you exactly like anyone else, just because you were terrorized into
paying her back.  Paying a shopkeeper off may cause her to stop actively
attacking you, but it feels like she'd have her eye on you as a known
thief going forward (and maybe would hang up a sign with your picture,
saying something like "DO NOT ACCEPT CHECKS FROM THIS HERO").

This surchage already existed, but since it was tied to active anger
(which typically causes a shopkeeper to quickly abandon their shop to
follow you) it was somewhat rare to see it in action.

I did not implement it here, but one possible further tweak might be to
clear the surcharge if the shopkeeper is pacified via taming magic
(which more-or-less magically brainwashes the target to feel positively
towards the hero) but not if you simply pay your debts.

---
## [milesial/pytorch](https://github.com/milesial/pytorch)@[4c8cfb57aa...](https://github.com/milesial/pytorch/commit/4c8cfb57aa3ac58112efb693635198b07edf008f)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 13:38:13 by Edward Z. Yang

Convert SymInt tracing to mode based tracing (#83380)

We're on our way to deleting ProxyTensor entirely (see https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/83330 ), but before we can do that, we have to delete ProxySymInt first. Here's the plan.

Changes in torch.fx.experimental.symbolic_shapes

* The general idea is to do mode based tracing. This means we need a mode that can interpose on all SymInt operations. There are a few ways to do this, but I've done it the easy way: (1) I have a separate mode for SymInt operations specifically called SymDispatchMode, and (2) this mode operates on PySymInt (and not the basic SymInt which is user visible). I elided Int from the name because if we add SymFloats I want to use the same mode to handle those as well, and I used Dispatch rather than Function because this is the "inner" dispatch operating PySymInt and not SymInt (this is not a perfect analogy, but SymFunctionMode definitely seemed wrong as you still must go through the C++ binding.) The mode is entirely implemented in Python for ease of implementation. We could have implemented this more symmetrically to TorchFunctionMode in C++, but I leave that as later work; this API is unlikely to get used by others (unlike TorchFunctionMode). One downside to not doing the mode in C++ is that we still have to do the hop via a preexisting PySymInt to wrap; this is currently not a big deal as conversion to SymInts only really happens when there is already another SymInt floating around. SymDispatchMode is pared down from TorchDispatchMode; there is no ancestor tracking since I don't expect people to be mixing up SymDispatchModes.
*  I made some improvements for tracing. When I invoke the SymDispatchMode handler, I would like constants to show up as constants, so they can be directly inlined into the FX graph (rather than going through a wrapping process first, and then the wrapped SymInt being used in the operation). To do this, I directly track if a PySymInt is a constant at construction time. Only wrapped PySymInts are constants.
* For convenience, PySymInts now support all magic methods that regular SymInts do. This is so that redispatch inside the SymDispatchMode can be written the idiomatic way `func(*args, **kwargs)` where func is an operator. The original names are retained for direct C++ calls.

Changes in torch.fx.experimental.proxy_tensor

* OK, so we got a new SymDispatchMode, so we define a ProxySymDispatchMode and activate it when we start tracing. This mode is currently unconditionally activated although technically we only need to activate it when doing symbolic tracing (it doesn't matter either way as there are no SymInts if you are not doing symbolic tracing).
* We delete ProxySymInt. To do this, we must now record the proxy for the SymInt some other way. Based on discussion with Chillee, it is more intuitive to him if the proxies are still recorded on the SymInt in some way. So we store them in the `__dict__` of the PySymInt, indexed by Tracer. An improvement is to make this a weak map, so that we remove all of these entries when the tracer dies. In an original version of this PR, I keyed on the mode itself, but tracer is better as it is accessible from both modes (and as you will see, we will need to fetch the map from both the ProxySymDispatchMode as well as the ProxyTorchDispatchMode.) The implementation of SymDispatchMode now simply retrieves the proxies, performs the underlying operation as well as the FX graph recording, and then records the output proxy to the PySymInt. Note that FX tracing does not work with proxies and SymInts, so we manually call `call_function` to ensure that the correct operations get recorded to the graph. This means conventional FX retracing with proxies only will not work with these graphs, but there wasn't really any reason to do this (as opposed to `make_fx` retracing) anyway. Constants are detected and converted directly into Python integers.
* SymInts can show up as arguments to tensor operations, so they must be accounted for in ProxyTorchDispatchMode as well. This is done by searching for SymInt arguments and converting them into proxies before the proxy call. This can be done more efficiently in a single `tree_map` but I'm lazy. The helper `unwrap_symint_proxy` conveniently implements the unwrapping in one place given a tracer; unfortunately it cannot be shared with SymDispatchMode as SymDispatchMode gets PySymInts, but ProxyTensorMode gets SymInts. Similarly, tensors that are returned from tensor operations can have SymInts in their shapes, which need fresh proxies allocated. To avoid leaking internal details of SymInt shape computation to the tensor operation graph, these SymInts are always given proxies derived from `x.size(dim)` call on their return tensor. We also need to do this for strides and numel but have not done so yet. Furthermore, we must avoid tracing internal SymInt calls while we run meta operations on the true operation; this is achieved by also disabling SymInt tracing on the inside of tensor tracing. This is analogous to how tensor tracing is disabled inside the implementation of tracing mode, but unfortunately we are unable to use the same mechanism (this would have been easier if the two modes could be combined somehow, and I am amenable to suggestions to try harder to achieve this.)
* Because there are no more ProxySymInts, we no longer need to do anything to unwrap SymInt. Furthermore, we do not need to reallocate ProxySymInts on class creation.
* If a bare SymInt without a Proxy is encountered, it is assumed that this must be a constant. `create_arg` handles this case. Non-constant free SymInts result in an assert error.
* The initial input handling in `dispatch_trace` involves traversing all of the input tensors, traversing over their shapes, and assigning proxies for the SymInts in shapes in the same way we handle proxies for the output tensors.

The preexisting testing is inadequate but will be better after I rebase past https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/82209

Signed-off-by: Edward Z. Yang <ezyang@fb.com>
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/83380
Approved by: https://github.com/samdow

---
## [nibon7/linux](https://github.com/nibon7/linux)@[4a557a5d1a...](https://github.com/nibon7/linux/commit/4a557a5d1a6145ea586dc9b17a9b4e5190c9c017)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 14:32:15 by Linus Torvalds

sparse: introduce conditional lock acquire function attribute

The kernel tends to try to avoid conditional locking semantics because
it makes it harder to think about and statically check locking rules,
but we do have a few fundamental locking primitives that take locks
conditionally - most obviously the 'trylock' functions.

That has always been a problem for 'sparse' checking for locking
imbalance, and we've had a special '__cond_lock()' macro that we've used
to let sparse know how the locking works:

    # define __cond_lock(x,c)        ((c) ? ({ __acquire(x); 1; }) : 0)

so that you can then use this to tell sparse that (for example) the
spinlock trylock macro ends up acquiring the lock when it succeeds, but
not when it fails:

    #define raw_spin_trylock(lock)  __cond_lock(lock, _raw_spin_trylock(lock))

and then sparse can follow along the locking rules when you have code like

        if (!spin_trylock(&dentry->d_lock))
                return LRU_SKIP;
	.. sparse sees that the lock is held here..
        spin_unlock(&dentry->d_lock);

and sparse ends up happy about the lock contexts.

However, this '__cond_lock()' use does result in very ugly header files,
and requires you to basically wrap the real function with that macro
that uses '__cond_lock'.  Which has made PeterZ NAK things that try to
fix sparse warnings over the years [1].

To solve this, there is now a very experimental patch to sparse that
basically does the exact same thing as '__cond_lock()' did, but using a
function attribute instead.  That seems to make PeterZ happy [2].

Note that this does not replace existing use of '__cond_lock()', but
only exposes the new proposed attribute and uses it for the previously
unannotated 'refcount_dec_and_lock()' family of functions.

For existing sparse installations, this will make no difference (a
negative output context was ignored), but if you have the experimental
sparse patch it will make sparse now understand code that uses those
functions, the same way '__cond_lock()' makes sparse understand the very
similar 'atomic_dec_and_lock()' uses that have the old '__cond_lock()'
annotations.

Note that in some cases this will silence existing context imbalance
warnings.  But in other cases it may end up exposing new sparse warnings
for code that sparse just didn't see the locking for at all before.

This is a trial, in other words.  I'd expect that if it ends up being
successful, and new sparse releases end up having this new attribute,
we'll migrate the old-style '__cond_lock()' users to use the new-style
'__cond_acquires' function attribute.

The actual experimental sparse patch was posted in [3].

Link: https://lore.kernel.org/all/20130930134434.GC12926@twins.programming.kicks-ass.net/ [1]
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/all/Yr60tWxN4P568x3W@worktop.programming.kicks-ass.net/ [2]
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/all/CAHk-=wjZfO9hGqJ2_hGQG3U_XzSh9_XaXze=HgPdvJbgrvASfA@mail.gmail.com/ [3]
Acked-by: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Alexander Aring <aahringo@redhat.com>
Cc: Luc Van Oostenryck <luc.vanoostenryck@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [sohrab1985/android_kernel_sony_msm8998](https://github.com/sohrab1985/android_kernel_sony_msm8998)@[070a9b0538...](https://github.com/sohrab1985/android_kernel_sony_msm8998/commit/070a9b0538a1fb65aaad050bd8dcac9759158974)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 15:06:29 by Christian Brauner

BACKPORT: signal: add pidfd_send_signal() syscall

The kill() syscall operates on process identifiers (pid). After a process
has exited its pid can be reused by another process. If a caller sends a
signal to a reused pid it will end up signaling the wrong process. This
issue has often surfaced and there has been a push to address this problem [1].

This patch uses file descriptors (fd) from proc/<pid> as stable handles on
struct pid. Even if a pid is recycled the handle will not change. The fd
can be used to send signals to the process it refers to.
Thus, the new syscall pidfd_send_signal() is introduced to solve this
problem. Instead of pids it operates on process fds (pidfd).

/* prototype and argument /*
long pidfd_send_signal(int pidfd, int sig, siginfo_t *info, unsigned int flags);

/* syscall number 424 */
The syscall number was chosen to be 424 to align with Arnd's rework in his
y2038 to minimize merge conflicts (cf. [25]).

In addition to the pidfd and signal argument it takes an additional
siginfo_t and flags argument. If the siginfo_t argument is NULL then
pidfd_send_signal() is equivalent to kill(<positive-pid>, <signal>). If it
is not NULL pidfd_send_signal() is equivalent to rt_sigqueueinfo().
The flags argument is added to allow for future extensions of this syscall.
It currently needs to be passed as 0. Failing to do so will cause EINVAL.

/* pidfd_send_signal() replaces multiple pid-based syscalls */
The pidfd_send_signal() syscall currently takes on the job of
rt_sigqueueinfo(2) and parts of the functionality of kill(2), Namely, when a
positive pid is passed to kill(2). It will however be possible to also
replace tgkill(2) and rt_tgsigqueueinfo(2) if this syscall is extended.

/* sending signals to threads (tid) and process groups (pgid) */
Specifically, the pidfd_send_signal() syscall does currently not operate on
process groups or threads. This is left for future extensions.
In order to extend the syscall to allow sending signal to threads and
process groups appropriately named flags (e.g. PIDFD_TYPE_PGID, and
PIDFD_TYPE_TID) should be added. This implies that the flags argument will
determine what is signaled and not the file descriptor itself. Put in other
words, grouping in this api is a property of the flags argument not a
property of the file descriptor (cf. [13]). Clarification for this has been
requested by Eric (cf. [19]).
When appropriate extensions through the flags argument are added then
pidfd_send_signal() can additionally replace the part of kill(2) which
operates on process groups as well as the tgkill(2) and
rt_tgsigqueueinfo(2) syscalls.
How such an extension could be implemented has been very roughly sketched
in [14], [15], and [16]. However, this should not be taken as a commitment
to a particular implementation. There might be better ways to do it.
Right now this is intentionally left out to keep this patchset as simple as
possible (cf. [4]).

/* naming */
The syscall had various names throughout iterations of this patchset:
- procfd_signal()
- procfd_send_signal()
- taskfd_send_signal()
In the last round of reviews it was pointed out that given that if the
flags argument decides the scope of the signal instead of different types
of fds it might make sense to either settle for "procfd_" or "pidfd_" as
prefix. The community was willing to accept either (cf. [17] and [18]).
Given that one developer expressed strong preference for the "pidfd_"
prefix (cf. [13]) and with other developers less opinionated about the name
we should settle for "pidfd_" to avoid further bikeshedding.

The  "_send_signal" suffix was chosen to reflect the fact that the syscall
takes on the job of multiple syscalls. It is therefore intentional that the
name is not reminiscent of neither kill(2) nor rt_sigqueueinfo(2). Not the
fomer because it might imply that pidfd_send_signal() is a replacement for
kill(2), and not the latter because it is a hassle to remember the correct
spelling - especially for non-native speakers - and because it is not
descriptive enough of what the syscall actually does. The name
"pidfd_send_signal" makes it very clear that its job is to send signals.

/* zombies */
Zombies can be signaled just as any other process. No special error will be
reported since a zombie state is an unreliable state (cf. [3]). However,
this can be added as an extension through the @flags argument if the need
ever arises.

/* cross-namespace signals */
The patch currently enforces that the signaler and signalee either are in
the same pid namespace or that the signaler's pid namespace is an ancestor
of the signalee's pid namespace. This is done for the sake of simplicity
and because it is unclear to what values certain members of struct
siginfo_t would need to be set to (cf. [5], [6]).

/* compat syscalls */
It became clear that we would like to avoid adding compat syscalls
(cf. [7]).  The compat syscall handling is now done in kernel/signal.c
itself by adding __copy_siginfo_from_user_generic() which lets us avoid
compat syscalls (cf. [8]). It should be noted that the addition of
__copy_siginfo_from_user_any() is caused by a bug in the original
implementation of rt_sigqueueinfo(2) (cf. 12).
With upcoming rework for syscall handling things might improve
significantly (cf. [11]) and __copy_siginfo_from_user_any() will not gain
any additional callers.

/* testing */
This patch was tested on x64 and x86.

/* userspace usage */
An asciinema recording for the basic functionality can be found under [9].
With this patch a process can be killed via:

 #define _GNU_SOURCE
 #include <errno.h>
 #include <fcntl.h>
 #include <signal.h>
 #include <stdio.h>
 #include <stdlib.h>
 #include <string.h>
 #include <sys/stat.h>
 #include <sys/syscall.h>
 #include <sys/types.h>
 #include <unistd.h>

 static inline int do_pidfd_send_signal(int pidfd, int sig, siginfo_t *info,
                                         unsigned int flags)
 {
 #ifdef __NR_pidfd_send_signal
         return syscall(__NR_pidfd_send_signal, pidfd, sig, info, flags);
 #else
         return -ENOSYS;
 #endif
 }

 int main(int argc, char *argv[])
 {
         int fd, ret, saved_errno, sig;

         if (argc < 3)
                 exit(EXIT_FAILURE);

         fd = open(argv[1], O_DIRECTORY | O_CLOEXEC);
         if (fd < 0) {
                 printf("%s - Failed to open \"%s\"\n", strerror(errno), argv[1]);
                 exit(EXIT_FAILURE);
         }

         sig = atoi(argv[2]);

         printf("Sending signal %d to process %s\n", sig, argv[1]);
         ret = do_pidfd_send_signal(fd, sig, NULL, 0);

         saved_errno = errno;
         close(fd);
         errno = saved_errno;

         if (ret < 0) {
                 printf("%s - Failed to send signal %d to process %s\n",
                        strerror(errno), sig, argv[1]);
                 exit(EXIT_FAILURE);
         }

         exit(EXIT_SUCCESS);
 }

/* Q&A
 * Given that it seems the same questions get asked again by people who are
 * late to the party it makes sense to add a Q&A section to the commit
 * message so it's hopefully easier to avoid duplicate threads.
 *
 * For the sake of progress please consider these arguments settled unless
 * there is a new point that desperately needs to be addressed. Please make
 * sure to check the links to the threads in this commit message whether
 * this has not already been covered.
 */
Q-01: (Florian Weimer [20], Andrew Morton [21])
      What happens when the target process has exited?
A-01: Sending the signal will fail with ESRCH (cf. [22]).

Q-02:  (Andrew Morton [21])
       Is the task_struct pinned by the fd?
A-02:  No. A reference to struct pid is kept. struct pid - as far as I
       understand - was created exactly for the reason to not require to
       pin struct task_struct (cf. [22]).

Q-03: (Andrew Morton [21])
      Does the entire procfs directory remain visible? Just one entry
      within it?
A-03: The same thing that happens right now when you hold a file descriptor
      to /proc/<pid> open (cf. [22]).

Q-04: (Andrew Morton [21])
      Does the pid remain reserved?
A-04: No. This patchset guarantees a stable handle not that pids are not
      recycled (cf. [22]).

Q-05: (Andrew Morton [21])
      Do attempts to signal that fd return errors?
A-05: See {Q,A}-01.

Q-06: (Andrew Morton [22])
      Is there a cleaner way of obtaining the fd? Another syscall perhaps.
A-06: Userspace can already trivially retrieve file descriptors from procfs
      so this is something that we will need to support anyway. Hence,
      there's no immediate need to add another syscalls just to make
      pidfd_send_signal() not dependent on the presence of procfs. However,
      adding a syscalls to get such file descriptors is planned for a
      future patchset (cf. [22]).

Q-07: (Andrew Morton [21] and others)
      This fd-for-a-process sounds like a handy thing and people may well
      think up other uses for it in the future, probably unrelated to
      signals. Are the code and the interface designed to permit such
      future applications?
A-07: Yes (cf. [22]).

Q-08: (Andrew Morton [21] and others)
      Now I think about it, why a new syscall? This thing is looking
      rather like an ioctl?
A-08: This has been extensively discussed. It was agreed that a syscall is
      preferred for a variety or reasons. Here are just a few taken from
      prior threads. Syscalls are safer than ioctl()s especially when
      signaling to fds. Processes are a core kernel concept so a syscall
      seems more appropriate. The layout of the syscall with its four
      arguments would require the addition of a custom struct for the
      ioctl() thereby causing at least the same amount or even more
      complexity for userspace than a simple syscall. The new syscall will
      replace multiple other pid-based syscalls (see description above).
      The file-descriptors-for-processes concept introduced with this
      syscall will be extended with other syscalls in the future. See also
      [22], [23] and various other threads already linked in here.

Q-09: (Florian Weimer [24])
      What happens if you use the new interface with an O_PATH descriptor?
A-09:
      pidfds opened as O_PATH fds cannot be used to send signals to a
      process (cf. [2]). Signaling processes through pidfds is the
      equivalent of writing to a file. Thus, this is not an operation that
      operates "purely at the file descriptor level" as required by the
      open(2) manpage. See also [4].

/* References */
[1]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181029221037.87724-1-dancol@google.com/
[2]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/874lbtjvtd.fsf@oldenburg2.str.redhat.com/
[3]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181204132604.aspfupwjgjx6fhva@brauner.io/
[4]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181203180224.fkvw4kajtbvru2ku@brauner.io/
[5]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181121213946.GA10795@mail.hallyn.com/
[6]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181120103111.etlqp7zop34v6nv4@brauner.io/
[7]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/36323361-90BD-41AF-AB5B-EE0D7BA02C21@amacapital.net/
[8]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/87tvjxp8pc.fsf@xmission.com/
[9]:  https://asciinema.org/a/IQjuCHew6bnq1cr78yuMv16cy
[11]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/F53D6D38-3521-4C20-9034-5AF447DF62FF@amacapital.net/
[12]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/87zhtjn8ck.fsf@xmission.com/
[13]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/871s6u9z6u.fsf@xmission.com/
[14]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181206231742.xxi4ghn24z4h2qki@brauner.io/
[15]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181207003124.GA11160@mail.hallyn.com/
[16]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181207015423.4miorx43l3qhppfz@brauner.io/
[17]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/CAGXu5jL8PciZAXvOvCeCU3wKUEB_dU-O3q0tDw4uB_ojMvDEew@mail.gmail.com/
[18]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181206222746.GB9224@mail.hallyn.com/
[19]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181208054059.19813-1-christian@brauner.io/
[20]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/8736rebl9s.fsf@oldenburg.str.redhat.com/
[21]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181228152012.dbf0508c2508138efc5f2bbe@linux-foundation.org/
[22]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181228233725.722tdfgijxcssg76@brauner.io/
[23]: https://lwn.net/Articles/773459/
[24]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/8736rebl9s.fsf@oldenburg.str.redhat.com/
[25]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/CAK8P3a0ej9NcJM8wXNPbcGUyOUZYX+VLoDFdbenW3s3114oQZw@mail.gmail.com/

Cc: "Eric W. Biederman" <ebiederm@xmission.com>
Cc: Jann Horn <jannh@google.com>
Cc: Andy Lutomirsky <luto@kernel.org>
Cc: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Oleg Nesterov <oleg@redhat.com>
Cc: Al Viro <viro@zeniv.linux.org.uk>
Cc: Florian Weimer <fweimer@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Christian Brauner <christian@brauner.io>
Reviewed-by: Tycho Andersen <tycho@tycho.ws>
Reviewed-by: Kees Cook <keescook@chromium.org>
Reviewed-by: David Howells <dhowells@redhat.com>
Acked-by: Arnd Bergmann <arnd@arndb.de>
Acked-by: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Acked-by: Serge Hallyn <serge@hallyn.com>
Acked-by: Aleksa Sarai <cyphar@cyphar.com>

(cherry picked from commit 3eb39f47934f9d5a3027fe00d906a45fe3a15fad)

Conflicts:
        arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_32.tbl - trivial manual merge
        arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_64.tbl - trivial manual merge
        include/linux/proc_fs.h - trivial manual merge
        include/linux/syscalls.h - trivial manual merge
        include/uapi/asm-generic/unistd.h - trivial manual merge
        kernel/signal.c - struct kernel_siginfo does not exist in 4.14
        kernel/sys_ni.c - cond_syscall is used instead of COND_SYSCALL
        arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_32.tbl
        arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_64.tbl

(1. manual merges because of 4.14 differences
 2. change prepare_kill_siginfo() to use struct siginfo instead of
kernel_siginfo
 3. use copy_from_user() instead of copy_siginfo_from_user() in copy_siginfo_from_user_any()
 4. replaced COND_SYSCALL with cond_syscall
 5. Removed __ia32_sys_pidfd_send_signal in arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_32.tbl.
 6. Replaced __x64_sys_pidfd_send_signal with sys_pidfd_send_signal in arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_64.tbl.)

Bug: 135608568
Test: test program using syscall(__NR_pidfd_send_signal,..) to send SIGKILL
Change-Id: I34da11c63ac8cafb0353d9af24c820cef519ec27
Signed-off-by: Suren Baghdasaryan <surenb@google.com>
Signed-off-by: electimon <electimon@gmail.com>

---
## [ebakai/vgstation13](https://github.com/ebakai/vgstation13)@[496d3bb777...](https://github.com/ebakai/vgstation13/commit/496d3bb777d9538dd05b57d9a042acffd6496741)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 15:48:24 by ValkyrieSkies

Med/Sci mapping changes on Metaclub, also Bridge lightswitch (#33197)

* Metaclub Science Improvements

* Feature creep

* Fixes the god awful bridge wallpipes

---
## [ido2103/Shavtzak](https://github.com/ido2103/Shavtzak)@[2c17b72419...](https://github.com/ido2103/Shavtzak/commit/2c17b72419d7f431f119892ce20be84667aee093)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 17:15:40 by ido2103

finished mitbah cycle 

a lot of improvements can be made (it's unreadable as shit, and it's inefficient as fuck but it works)

---
## [Dokkae6949/BounceGame](https://github.com/Dokkae6949/BounceGame)@[1afe5f1f6d...](https://github.com/Dokkae6949/BounceGame/commit/1afe5f1f6df761422864e8ee7b7b9e60372b6094)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 20:17:10 by Whick

After 3.5 hours, after blood tears and sweat. I finally finished the snapping. And why, you might ask? Well, I hate myself and I like some challenges. Anyways, fuck you Dokkae. Suck my balls

---
## [Deckstar/deckstar.github.io](https://github.com/Deckstar/deckstar.github.io)@[3339f9111b...](https://github.com/Deckstar/deckstar.github.io/commit/3339f9111b5b4f2d5a014559dcee8bdc05ef1663)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 21:41:59 by Deckstar

New - added Microsoft to "work";

---

So long, Singleton! </3

You were the best job in the world! 🥲  And the greatest job that I could ever ask for, especially when coming fresh out of university, with no real experience or skills... I will miss you a lot 😢

We had a great team, with an awesome vibe. And of course, so many super cool projects that I would never have imagined I would get to work on. I can't believe how much experience and knowledge I could get in such a short time-span...

I still can't believe that things turned out so much better than I expected all those years ago, when I was just an aimless, bookish student with no idea what I was going to do with my life after graduating. I'm so glad I didn't have to go into finance or consulting 😅 And not only that, but I actually got to work at a super cool place, in my favorite city (and my hometown), in a really low-stress environment, with exciting and stimulating work. With my gym and team lunches paid for! And I could work completely at my own pace, whenever I wanted, at any time of day or week. And nearly always from the comfort of my own home. Or sometimes from another country! All on a fabulous high-end MacBook that I got to use for free, as if it were my own.

I hope I never forget the feeling of only having to work 4 days per week. And the best part is that I started that lifestyle on a whim, and no one minded the least bit.

What a contrast with the life that I was expecting to graduate into! I'm so glad I could avoid the 14-hour office days spent looking at Excel sheets and pretending to be productive to impress some uninterested manager in some greedy bank, all so we could make the rich get richer until our inevitable taxpayer-funded bail-out.

Were my first-job expectations just too low? Am I just being overly dramatic? Well... Based on what I read every day about society and other people's lives, I really don't think so... I think I can honestly say that I've just been extremely fortunate.

Did I make the right decision in leaving? I still don't know, to be honest. I guess I will just have to try out life at a big tech giant like Microsoft, wait a while and just keep reflecting, as always.

---

This writing is probably way too personal for a commit message (especially in a public repo... 😂) I mean, this isn't a diary... 😜 But whatever! This is my life and I do what I want, and right now I'm feeling nostalgic 😄

If you're reading this, know that life can and sometimes does get better. And that there really do exist some pretty nice people out there in the world. And that some jobs can be rewarding as well as interesting.

I hope one day I discover this long commit message by accident after forgetting about it, and have a nice laugh 😄

---
## [ichard26/black](https://github.com/ichard26/black)@[0019261abc...](https://github.com/ichard26/black/commit/0019261abcf6d9e564ba32d3cc15534b9026f29e)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 22:01:43 by Richard Si

Update stable branch after publishing to PyPI (#3223)

We've decided to a) convert stable back into a branch and b) to update
it immediately as part of the release process. We may as well automate
it. And about going back to a branch ...

Git tags are not the right tool, at all[^1]. They come with the
expectation that they will never change. Things will not work as
expected if they do change, doubly so if they change regularly. Once
you pull stable from the remote and it's copied in your local
repository, no matter how many times you run git pull you'll never see
it get updated automatically. Your only recourse is to delete the tag
via `git tag -d stable` before pulling.

This gets annoying really quickly since stable is supposed to be the
solution for folks "who want to move along as Black developers deem
the newest version reliable."[^2] See this comment for how this impacts
users using our Vim plugin[^3]. It also affects us developers[^4]. If
you have stable locally, once we cut a new release and update the stable
tag, a simple `git pull` / `git fetch` will not pull down the updated
stable tag. Unless you remember to delete stable before pulling, stable
will become stale and useless.

You can argue this is a good thing ("people should explicitly opt into
updating stable"), but IMO it does not match user expectations nor
developer expectations[^5]. Especially since not all our integrations
that use stable are bound by this security measure, for example our
GitHub Action (since it does a clean fetch of the repository every time
it's used). I believe consistency would be good here.

Finally, ever since we switched to a tag, we've been facing issues with
ReadTheDocs not picking up updates to stable unless we force a rebuild.
The initial rebuild on the stable update just pulls the commit the tag
previously pointed to. I'm not sure if switching back to a branch will
fix this, but I'd wager it will.

[^1]: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-tag#_on_re_tagging

[^2]: https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contributing/release_process.html#moving-the-stable-tag

[^3]: https://github.com/psf/black/issues/2503#issuecomment-1196357379

[^4]: In fairness, most folks working on Black probably don't use the
      `stable` ref anyway, especially us maintainers who'd know what is
      the latest version by heart, but it'd still be nice to make it
      usable for local dev though.

[^5]: Also what benefit does a `stable` ref have over explicit version
      tags like `22.6.0`? If you're going to opt into some odd pin
      mechanism, might as well use explicit version tags for clarity
      and consistency.

---
## [EpicROM-AOSP/android_frameworks_base](https://github.com/EpicROM-AOSP/android_frameworks_base)@[2b3290086a...](https://github.com/EpicROM-AOSP/android_frameworks_base/commit/2b3290086ad3a0c99d749843fae1a421805caf82)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 22:35:50 by Joey Huab

core: Refactor Pixel features

* Magic Eraser is wonky and hard to
  enable and all this mess isn't really worth
  the trouble so just stick to the older setup.

* Default Pixel 5 spoof for Photos and only switch
  to Pixel XL when spoof is toggled.

* We will try to bypass 2021 features and Raven
  props for non-Pixel 2021 devices as apps usage
  requires TPU.

* Remove P21 experience system feature check

---
## [treckstar/yolo-octo-hipster](https://github.com/treckstar/yolo-octo-hipster)@[95a5416136...](https://github.com/treckstar/yolo-octo-hipster/commit/95a541613621864890407f7fb70875d86e791d0d)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 23:22:03 by treckstar

People listen up don't stand so close, I got somethin that you all should know. Holy matrimony is not for me, I'd rather die alone in misery.

---
## [vpsfreecz/linux](https://github.com/vpsfreecz/linux)@[adee8f3082...](https://github.com/vpsfreecz/linux/commit/adee8f3082b01e5dab620d651e3ec75f57c0c855)
#### Saturday 2022-09-17 23:23:41 by Peter Zijlstra

x86/nospec: Unwreck the RSB stuffing

commit 4e3aa9238277597c6c7624f302d81a7b568b6f2d upstream.

Commit 2b1299322016 ("x86/speculation: Add RSB VM Exit protections")
made a right mess of the RSB stuffing, rewrite the whole thing to not
suck.

Thanks to Andrew for the enlightening comment about Post-Barrier RSB
things so we can make this code less magical.

Cc: stable@vger.kernel.org
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/YvuNdDWoUZSBjYcm@worktop.programming.kicks-ass.net
[bwh: Backported to 5.10: adjust context]
Signed-off-by: Ben Hutchings <benh@debian.org>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

---

# [<](2022-09-16.md) 2022-09-17 [>](2022-09-18.md)

