# [<](2022-08-03.md) 2022-08-04 [>](2022-08-05.md)

1,971,568 events recorded by [gharchive.org](https://www.gharchive.org/) of which 1,971,568 were push events containing 3,017,565 commit messages that amount to 232,302,694 characters filtered with [words.py@e23d022007...](https://github.com/defgsus/good-github/blob/e23d022007992279f9bcb3a9fd40126629d787e2/src/words.py) to these 43 messages:


## [opensch/.github](https://github.com/opensch/.github)@[ae9fc27b8c...](https://github.com/opensch/.github/commit/ae9fc27b8caf11c61cbaf5057180cc3e51fbedbb)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 00:38:21 by Dmitriy

The journey was long, but I think we're almost there.

It's my first commit, when I write more than 10 words :rofl:

About a year ago, I came up with the idea of creating an open-source online diary for students. Sure, it was a better time, than now, but I think current events in the world will end anyway. Initially, openSchool was intended only as a diary app for my school in Moscow (my native city) since the educational system there is extremely buggy and does not work well. In spite of this, I thought it would be awesome to expand openSchool to the worldwide community, and so I am writing this commit now.

It wasn't easy to develop this software from scratch, but I hope that the first version will be released by 1st September 2022. There were only two experienced developers: me and Timofey Kniga. To my biggest regret, Timofey decided to left the project, I'm not sure why, but he left the project. Other members of our team work on things like small bug fixes or activities other than coding. Accordingly, I am the only developer. Due to the number of people left in this project, it is sometimes hard to do much. Yes, my activity in opensch/core isn't very significant, but we have a closed repository with a mobile app that takes a lot of time to develop.

Why is the mobile app repository closed? It's simple: when we decided to do openSchool, the plan wasn't to make it open to the entire world. As a result, the source code of the app contains tokens and private keys that we don't want to share. With the first release or earlier, we'll open the source code of our app.

Sincerely,
openSchool team.

---
## [ma44/tgstation](https://github.com/ma44/tgstation)@[707fbfac7e...](https://github.com/ma44/tgstation/commit/707fbfac7e11837865d70587011aa8197b1d0c35)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 00:54:59 by san7890

[MDB Ignore] Shifts all (sane) varedited signs to directionals  (#68004)

* [MDB Ignore] Shifts all (sane) varedited signs to directionals

Hey there,

So we have these cool new sign directionals now, but we still have all of the old pixel-shifted pre-fabrications lying around. So, I added an UpdatePaths (as well as Updated the Paths) to be a bit better at using directionals, because directionals are pretty neato.

This should update every single var_edit that used the proper 32 pixelshift (some of them used 28, and I'm unable to account for that automatically with current tooling) into a proper subtype. Mappers tend to learn by looking at well established maps, so it's always important to ensure that the well-established maps use the most recent tooling (i.e.: bring them up to the surface) and avoid needless excess lines in maps.

* The Commit With All The Maps

OH GOD OH FUCK

* Renames the UpdatePaths

---
## [Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13-RP](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13-RP)@[5b6010d722...](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13-RP/commit/5b6010d722f24734b362064ee9e12ce521aa078e)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 02:06:26 by lectronyx

Closed Eyes (#4303)

* Closed Eyes

Adds the "Closed Eyes" marking from Vorestation, because Sergal Eyes suck ass and in this house we bully cheeses

* unfucked sprite

apparently i just needed to give -head

* Fixed newline error

Apparently, ending on a line with content is bad.

---
## [homer-simpson-2200/simpson-code](https://github.com/homer-simpson-2200/simpson-code)@[126af72d4f...](https://github.com/homer-simpson-2200/simpson-code/commit/126af72d4f9a953409833f5c456717bf674aaeb1)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 02:42:59 by homer-simpson-2200

Delete Code I wrote xijinping.ts(DevRussia)(i think DevRussia delete that project. fuck you DevRussia!! 🤬🤬🤬)

---
## [HaizalChew/Integrated-Project-by-Gaymers](https://github.com/HaizalChew/Integrated-Project-by-Gaymers)@[f13e512abc...](https://github.com/HaizalChew/Integrated-Project-by-Gaymers/commit/f13e512abca58d13ef85127466c61e4a76047f36)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 03:14:59 by HaizalChew

Added a shit ton of stuff

Main Features:
- New Models from the asset store
- Changed the test area a little
- Added the ability to dash (Wonky, can dash through walls)
- Added half-assed combat (enemies take damage from punches and die but does not chase nor attack you)

---
## [Holdelta/CHOMPStation2](https://github.com/Holdelta/CHOMPStation2)@[4704df506b...](https://github.com/Holdelta/CHOMPStation2/commit/4704df506bfccd3f4ef9d75a3cf1a4f6f63ca4e3)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 03:25:35 by Victor Zisthus

Massive Broad Scope Changes

NEW STUFF
Added in a custom thermal regulator for the wilderness shelter.

Southern Cross now has a Bluespace Radio!

Added a subspace radio, and allowed it to be made in the autolathe.

ALL MAPS:
Added lighting to dark areas. Did not touch lighting in maintenance areas.

DECK ONE:
Adjusted exterior lattice network.

DECK TWO:
Fixed a bug with Shieldgen.

Moved the Engine SMES powernet sensor off of a pump.

Removed the second freezer air alarm to prevent pressure alarms from going off every shift. (I got my revenge on the laws of thermodynamics with the new custom regulator, don't worry.)

Put a new subspace radio in the bar.

Adjusted exterior lattice network.

DECK THREE:
Removed a duplicate shower curtain in one of the dorm rooms.

SURFACE OUTPOST:
This PR will cause a conflict with #4061 but I am willing to help Enzo with the project as needed~

A friend and boy waits for the miners every shift.

Moved some stuff around at surface S&R per a reported issue. FIXES #4072

Fixed a bug with the hunting lockers and doors. Security should have access to them now.

Fixed a bug with the Hunting Pen shield generators.

CAVES:
Cleared the rock around the outpost, added a new door to allow moving around the exterior.

EXPLO CARRIER:
Put the new Bluespace Radio on the table in the gateway prep room.

WILDERNESS + SKY ISLANDS:
Overhauled the wilderness shelter! It now has a crew quarters room, First Aid, a second floor, and a utility room. It's only powered by a single advanced RTG that's barely able to keep up with power demand when the place is abandoned, so be sure to bring resources from mining and science to get the other RTG's up and running!

---
## [FloofyPeachy/Traincraft-5](https://github.com/FloofyPeachy/Traincraft-5)@[3dd85fb7ff...](https://github.com/FloofyPeachy/Traincraft-5/commit/3dd85fb7ff9e46d9e83ca4d2b8ee135bd8a11537)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 03:38:18 by bidahochi

fuck you the cubemap is mine

-added some tcce track types (parallel curves and very long straight)
-updated the localization files

---
## [FreshROMs/android_kernel_samsung_exynos9610_mint](https://github.com/FreshROMs/android_kernel_samsung_exynos9610_mint)@[2a39e68610...](https://github.com/FreshROMs/android_kernel_samsung_exynos9610_mint/commit/2a39e68610985a4a86ac63a15bd2852e609ea067)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 03:45:04 by John Vincent

Revert "arm64: defconfig: Enable additional RCU configs"

Disable RCU no-callback offloading, as well as disable RCU 'expert' options (just like stock). For one, we have already moved unbound WQs to the little cluster so there are now less kernel housekeeping we should worry about both performance and battery life-wise. Second, this seems to hurt throughput and latency (when CPU is loaded), at least for us.

"There is of course no free lunch. Use of RCU callback offloading means that call_rcu() incurs greater overhead due to atomic operations, cache misses, and wakeups. The wakeup overhead alone can result in tens of percent throughput degradation on some workloads, which is why Linux distributions default to no callback offloading."[1]

This reverts commit 32501f9532e1ecb75d4f299d653a72df00a19080.

[1]: https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/realtime/documentation/technical_details/rcu

Signed-off-by: John Vincent <git@tenseventyseven.cf>

---
## [voron00/android_kernel_lge_mako](https://github.com/voron00/android_kernel_lge_mako)@[78d8cfc3ad...](https://github.com/voron00/android_kernel_lge_mako/commit/78d8cfc3ad3e32d71b8dced1162fe07e5704749c)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 03:53:44 by Linus Torvalds

mm: get rid of 'vmalloc_info' from /proc/meminfo

It turns out that at least some versions of glibc end up reading
/proc/meminfo at every single startup, because glibc wants to know the
amount of memory the machine has.  And while that's arguably insane,
it's just how things are.

And it turns out that it's not all that expensive most of the time, but
the vmalloc information statistics (amount of virtual memory used in the
vmalloc space, and the biggest remaining chunk) can be rather expensive
to compute.

The 'get_vmalloc_info()' function actually showed up on my profiles as
4% of the CPU usage of "make test" in the git source repository, because
the git tests are lots of very short-lived shell-scripts etc.

It turns out that apparently this same silly vmalloc info gathering
shows up on the facebook servers too, according to Dave Jones.  So it's
not just "make test" for git.

We had two patches to just cache the information (one by me, one by
Ingo) to mitigate this issue, but the whole vmalloc information of of
rather dubious value to begin with, and people who *actually* want to
know what the situation is wrt the vmalloc area should just look at the
much more complete /proc/vmallocinfo instead.

In fact, according to my testing - and perhaps more importantly,
according to that big search engine in the sky: Google - there is
nothing out there that actually cares about those two expensive fields:
VmallocUsed and VmallocChunk.

So let's try to just remove them entirely.  Actually, this just removes
the computation and reports the numbers as zero for now, just to try to
be minimally intrusive.

If this breaks anything, we'll obviously have to re-introduce the code
to compute this all and add the caching patches on top.  But if given
the option, I'd really prefer to just remove this bad idea entirely
rather than add even more code to work around our historical mistake
that likely nobody really cares about.

Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Change-Id: Ia17de8b8f49d801efa5aaff3c61ba4c1082dc1e3

---
## [Mustard867/bevy](https://github.com/Mustard867/bevy)@[4847f7e3ad...](https://github.com/Mustard867/bevy/commit/4847f7e3adc835053a8907dd578c342b4bd395e2)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 05:14:22 by ira

Update codebase to use `IntoIterator` where possible. (#5269)

Remove unnecessary calls to `iter()`/`iter_mut()`.
Mainly updates the use of queries in our code, docs, and examples.

```rust
// From
for _ in list.iter() {
for _ in list.iter_mut() {

// To
for _ in &list {
for _ in &mut list {
```

We already enable the pedantic lint [clippy::explicit_iter_loop](https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/stable/) inside of Bevy. However, this only warns for a few known types from the standard library.

## Note for reviewers
As you can see the additions and deletions are exactly equal.
Maybe give it a quick skim to check I didn't sneak in a crypto miner, but you don't have to torture yourself by reading every line.
I already experienced enough pain making this PR :) 


Co-authored-by: devil-ira <justthecooldude@gmail.com>

---
## [Moomin030/My-first-page](https://github.com/Moomin030/My-first-page)@[f2e8d0f66b...](https://github.com/Moomin030/My-first-page/commit/f2e8d0f66b723aa55068c047782b240e4ad686a0)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 05:51:50 by Moomin030

first file

I am a 20-year-old Korean male who just graduated from high school last year and is currently attending a large corporation.
My current job is very difficult and stressful for me. I made a little money designing and editing videos from an early age. Based on these experiences, I wanted to become a front-end developer, so I tried vs code for the first time today. It's still so hard I don't know what it is
Oh, and the picture that appears when you enter the link is my dog. If you'd like to use that photo or want to see more of my pup, send me a chat on Instagram.

---
## [crowlogic/arb4j](https://github.com/crowlogic/arb4j)@[a1cbfe6ae6...](https://github.com/crowlogic/arb4j/commit/a1cbfe6ae6fcb01387c2877d2a7bdb29dc742875)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 06:03:15 by Στεπηεν Cροωλεψ

gonna hufta call the open() method cause the damn sonofabitching
half-baked module system wont let me access a file descriptor on my own
fuckin machine dammit!

---
## [Holoo-1/tgstation](https://github.com/Holoo-1/tgstation)@[6fe0683a7b...](https://github.com/Holoo-1/tgstation/commit/6fe0683a7bc788a497dbce8771768e427d0dffb1)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 06:47:23 by Jolly

[READY] [KC13] Showing "The Derelict" some love: General updates, aesthetic changes and misc (#67696)

With this PR I aim to make KC13 (TheDerelict.dmm), or Russian Station (whatever you guys call it) a tad bit more flavorful with its environment as well as somethings on the mapping side (like adding area icons!).
To preface, no, I'm not remapping anything here extensively. The general layout should be relatively the same (or should be in theory).

Halfway through naming the area icons I checked the wiki page and found out it was KC not KS, so, its KS13 internally.

Readability for turf icons are cool.
Also just making the ruin more eye appealing would be better.
General cleanup and changes will give new life to this rather.. loved? Hated? Loot pinata? Ruin.
The ruin also now starts completely depowered, like Old Station (its a Derelict, it makes no sense for it to still be powered after so long). As for some mild compensation, a few more batteries were sprinkled in to offset any issues. If there is any concern of "But they'll open the vault faster!", there were always 5 batteries that people used to make the vault SMES.
Lastly, giving it some "visual story telling" is cool, as mapping fluff goes.

I also added a subtle OOC hint that the SMES in the northern most solar room needs a terminal with the following:

SMES Jumpscare
As an aside, I aim to try and keep the feel of this ruin being "dated" while at the same time having some of our newer things. With that, certain things I'll opt out of using in favor of more "generic" structures to give KC13 that true "Its old but not really" feel and look.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[e02b8e654f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/e02b8e654f43b8ffa0d7d7f5cd13688f011618e8)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 06:53:11 by Marko Grdinić

"10:10am. https://www.reddit.com/r/dalle2/

Impressive.

https://www.reddit.com/r/dalle2/comments/wf5095/a_distinguished_cat_enjoying_a_glass_of_wine/

Nice.

All of these are quite good.

8/4/2022

7:40am. I wanted to stay in bed longer and daydream, but let me close the thread on the Tenstorrent channel. Maybe I'll have gotten a positive reply, but I won't seriously consider that possibility unless I see it. Let me just get the possibility out of the way. Once I do that I'll leave it out of mind and will be able to focus solely on writing. Today I'll probably stay in bed, but I have accumulated some will yesterday.

https://discord.gg/Rh6HMCSzFd
Tenstorrent Discord

No reply. Ok, in that case...

Let me just say, since there are some people active on the channel at any given time, my post was definitely seen by at least few of them, but I haven't gotten anything in terms of response. That gives me a gauge on the interest. Let me check my mail. Nothing significant. I guess I'll be getting monthly bank reports showing me my balance. The upkeep is something like 2$ a month. Ridiculous.

Now before I make a reply let me rant.

No matter how I look at it, this initial event of trying to get Spiral in is up to luck. If there had been an active community my odds would have been a lot better, but nothing is there yet.

The same goes for when applying to other places. I did give reping myself as being from Google a try, but I am just too green to bluff through it. I have zero idea what real companies do. I have programming skill, but not company experience. So the path I should take is to check out some of the easier positions to get into.

The way recruiting now works where they basically do not differentiate between low and high skill at all, and place great stock on pedigree is hard on me. Covid is a lucky thing as it made remote jobs more plentiful, but it is not enough luck.

Luck is what I am missing right now.

There is a programming style going from symbolic -> evolutionary -> neural that is a lot better for making RL agents than the one I used, but what I am missing to get started on that path is luck. I need a sign that I won't just get stranded again. I really need a sponsor for Spiral to make further progress.

7:55pm. It is not really money that I am missing, but 'luck'. If I had luck I would have gotten a reply to the Spiral proposal already. If I had been doing it from scratch, I would have gone with the style, but right now I am too beat up to even attempt it.

8am. Maybe in the future the circustances will change, and my luck will change as well.

> Since I do not have the time to keep checking this inactive channel I won't be doing it from here on out, but I am definitely interested in getting feedback to it, and executing the proposal whether it be now or in the future. The safest way to get in contact with me is to open an issue on the Spiral repo. I'd love to field any questions, talk about Spiral, elaborate the proposal in more depth, explain what further projects could be done once you have the Spiral backend as well as give you my mailing address. I hope to hear from you.

My writen communication skills aren't too bad. But I've essentially been very isolated since high school ended, so whatever personal communication skills I had are now gone. It has been 17 years, this is half my life. It is not that easy for me to become an actor on a short notice.

My mental state is not good for face-to-face interaction, but it is good for programming and writing.

Suppose you were a lawyer or something like a coal miner, and you found out some other profession paid better, would you swap to it on a short notice? Of course not. The cost to retrain yourself is huge and arduous.

8:15am. I have to admit, I really am curious as to how well I'd do in a professional environment. I am interested in how good pro programmers are compared to me. But I am not so curious as to get random jobs. If I were the type to do that, I'd never started work on Spiral.

What I need now is not money. It is recognition and 'luck.' If I make even few grand from writing Heaven's Key that would be great as it would allow me to upgrade my rig, and maybe buy the AI chip from Tenstorrent directly. After that I do not need money particularly badly. I need to stop feeling that the world is against me.

And for that I need to keep looking for the sign that the circumstances are on my side.

I guess that will be the main goal of the next few years.

Searching for luck. The opportunity to make something of Spiral.

If I could get something like the Strong Compute offer, except not having it be a scam that would be grand. I admit, it has been interesting to get that, but as the interaction progressed, I just got the sense that they wanted to jank my chain. I've asked them what they wanted to do with Spiral twice, and they ignored the question. Since their opener was to sponsor the language, not having any use for it and showing disinterest was a huge red flag to me.

8:20am. If I ever apply to jobs again, before I do that, I am going to do some research in what recruiters are looking for in a candidate. Right now I am basically clueless as to what is going on inside their head, and their acting and superficial politeness is not giving me much to go on. The best thing as a job candidate is pick up some courses for technical recruiting first. There should be some of that online, pretty much every educational subject is at this point.

Once I have that knowledge, I could begin to make a concrete plan for getting that fake Google resume through.

But I really hate that resume. It is too much. A much better resume would be to have worked at startups similar to the ones like on AngelList before. Yes, Google is great pedigree and will get me a lot of hits, but afterwards I am stuck explaining why somebody in my position is trying to land a job significantly below my previous station. If I say something like having worked in the US, and came back to Croatia for retirement, even if they believed that, they'd imagine that I am just playing around. Which I kind of am.

A worse resume might be better in my case even if it gets me less initial hits. The intro stage needs to be easier. But at my exp level I can't think of a good way to bullshit it. I can only make up a story on the extreme high end by saying I worked at the large companies most public facing products.

Experienced recruiters have a huge edge on sniffing out lies since they've seen seniors before, and I have no chance of meeting the profile.

8:35am. Forget that. Tenstorrent proposal, job hunting, forget all of that. I am going to focus solely on writing. I wasn't interested in becoming a pro programmer to begin with otherwise I would have followed that path at the end of high school.

Yesterday I had a queer feeling. I was going over the outline, and I've felt the same part of my brain activating as when I do my initial programming.

When I was doing the base mesh by immitating Flycat, I did have a feeling there are similarities between programming and sculpting in how a sculpt is gradually refined.

But even so, the similarities between programming and writing should be even more pronounced.

My programming skill giving a profound change to my writing is the best outcome there could be.

Back in 2014 my programming skill was not that high. The only thing I was good at was solving puzzles, but they are very short programs. For them I didn't need to think about design or plan the architecture of the program. Rather the only thing I needed to do was to understand the problem and how to solve it. Then I'd jump into implementation.

But with just those skills, it is really difficult to do bigger work. I remember trying something like a pong game back in school and the complexity overwhelmed me. The process of building something over weeks and months is not something I learned until recently.

It takes a long time to learn and refine. Bootcamp grads would never have it.

The best way to get it is to build an application of significant complexity on your own.

Then the HR drones will look at it and chuck your resume into the trash for not having experience. I really wish AI replaced them all at some point. This might really happen too given how things are going. I can't imagine AI replacing programmers before it replaces recruiters. An AI could look at your projects and estimate your skill level based on that. A recruiter on the other hand only looks whether you worked at Google and plays mind games with you.

8:50am. Let me chill a bit here and I will go back to bed."

---
## [macdice/postgres](https://github.com/macdice/postgres)@[ec62cb0aac...](https://github.com/macdice/postgres/commit/ec62cb0aac5ba31a82339606009ddbd7eb00e2ac)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 07:57:20 by Tom Lane

Revert applying column aliases to the output of whole-row Vars.

In commit bf7ca1587, I had the bright idea that we could make the
result of a whole-row Var (that is, foo.*) track any column aliases
that had been applied to the FROM entry the Var refers to.  However,
that's not terribly logically consistent, because now the output of
the Var is no longer of the named composite type that the Var claims
to emit.  bf7ca1587 tried to handle that by changing the output
tuple values to be labeled with a blessed RECORD type, but that's
really pretty disastrous: we can wind up storing such tuples onto
disk, whereupon they're not readable by other sessions.

The only practical fix I can see is to give up on what bf7ca1587
tried to do, and say that the column names of tuples produced by
a whole-row Var are always those of the underlying named composite
type, query aliases or no.  While this introduces some inconsistencies,
it removes others, so it's not that awful in the abstract.  What *is*
kind of awful is to make such a behavioral change in a back-patched
bug fix.  But corrupt data is worse, so back-patched it will be.

(A workaround available to anyone who's unhappy about this is to
introduce an extra level of sub-SELECT, so that the whole-row Var is
referring to the sub-SELECT's output and not to a named table type.
Then the Var is of type RECORD to begin with and there's no issue.)

Per report from Miles Delahunty.  The faulty commit dates to 9.5,
so back-patch to all supported branches.

Discussion: https://postgr.es/m/2950001.1638729947@sss.pgh.pa.us

---
## [projectkepler-ru/Foundation-19](https://github.com/projectkepler-ru/Foundation-19)@[3198c7d257...](https://github.com/projectkepler-ru/Foundation-19/commit/3198c7d257961f97b45ae128cdc72b657a2ed36e)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 08:08:08 by ivanmixo

Fixes MTF heli runtime (#547)

* Fixes mtf heli

* Fuck you die

* Whoops funny haha

* Cheeky juke fix

---
## [projectkepler-ru/Foundation-19](https://github.com/projectkepler-ru/Foundation-19)@[befabcec33...](https://github.com/projectkepler-ru/Foundation-19/commit/befabcec333347ce6b918d67d4c884b9e0dcefea)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 08:08:08 by TenameACAccount

more dcz changes yay (#548)

* Update site53-1.dmm

* fallout 5 on the byond engine

* fuck you box

Co-authored-by: UserU <37943518+User-U-U@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [leejy12/terminal](https://github.com/leejy12/terminal)@[9ccd6ecd74...](https://github.com/leejy12/terminal/commit/9ccd6ecd744890b856f3d8a39ff0616c0e34d4fb)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 08:11:21 by Mike Griese

Manually copy trailing attributes on a resize (#12637)

## THE WHITE WHALE

This is a fairly naive fix for this bug. It's not terribly performant,
but neither is resize in the first place.

When the buffer gets resized, typically we only copy the text up to the
`MeasureRight` point, the last printable char in the row. Then we'd just
use the last char's attributes to fill the remainder of the row.

Instead, this PR changes how reflow behaves when it gets to the end of
the row. After we finish copying text, then manually walk through the
attributes at the end of the row, and copy them over. This ensures that
cells that just have a colored space in them get copied into the new
buffer as well, and we don't just blat the last character's attributes
into the rest of the row. We'll do a similar thing once we get to the
last printable char in the buffer, copying the remaining attributes.

This could DEFINITELY be more performant. I think this current
implementation walks the attrs _on every cell_, then appends the new
attrs to the new ATTR_ROW. That could be optimized by just using the
actual iterator. The copy after the last printable char bit is also
especially bad in this regard. That could likely be a blind copy - I
just wanted to get this into the world.

Finally, we now copy the final attributes to the correct buffer: the new
one.  We used to copy them to the _old_ buffer, which we were about to
destroy.

## Validation

I'll add more gifs in the morning, not enough time to finish spinning a
release Terminal build with this tonight.

Closes #32 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Closes #12567

(cherry picked from commit 855e1360c0ff810decf862f1d90e15b5f49e7bbd)

---
## [Zeodexic/tsorcRevamp](https://github.com/Zeodexic/tsorcRevamp)@[edb68e3824...](https://github.com/Zeodexic/tsorcRevamp/commit/edb68e3824d372dc9fd9db8cf82202624a4d8eda)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 08:15:25 by timhjersted

14 logs

-Ghost of Forgotten enemies: removed knockback as they are ghosts, slowed them down, tweaked hit reset code
-Dworc voodoo enemies: can fire main shot more often, large circle attack less often, shaman got a homing demon spirit attack and a sprite color tweak (abysswalker's blue circle dust attack needs to be more defined but I didn't want to mess with it)
-Cursed breath, used by basilisk hunters and others, no longer can go through walls (complaints of too many wall-piercing attacks)
-Demon Spirit projectile looks less dumb and has dusts
-Man hunters can no longer teleport but needs bored code

---
## [YeOldeInn/agins-archive](https://github.com/YeOldeInn/agins-archive)@[305788d872...](https://github.com/YeOldeInn/agins-archive/commit/305788d87229dedc7c11981386d0f2b537c363f0)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 09:01:01 by T. Joseph Carter

Rename .main-page to .index-page

Also give myself a paper bag over the head for failing to ../ my URL in
the css file I put into a subdir. See squidgemonster? Everyone's code is
shit, it's just the nature of the beast. One must simply fix it, declare
themselves to be officially an idiot, and then go on to make some OTHER
horrifyingly dumb mistake, since you're not likely to repeat this one.
At least not for the rest of the day. 😁

---
## [Axlefublr/Ahk_v2_Syntax_Highlighting](https://github.com/Axlefublr/Ahk_v2_Syntax_Highlighting)@[5fd68455d5...](https://github.com/Axlefublr/Ahk_v2_Syntax_Highlighting/commit/5fd68455d577339f6ff182655af737c8a642bc22)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 09:32:41 by Axlefublr

I actually shouldn'toverwrite the change notes file of this repo, because in that case there will be an automatic commit right after, overwriting stuff I might not actually want to overwrite until much later; With the main repo, I alwayswanna overwrite the change notes file, because the next commit will have a different commit message (duh), but with this repo? I might not catch up; Well well well, doesn't a question of 'Why don't you just commit this repo manually?' arise?; At first I thought it's a stupid idea, because 'How would I know I need to make a backup?'; Well, how do I know to commit the main repo? Exactly. Because I've made some changes and want to commit them. It's not that unoften that it's the same case for this repo: if a change is big enough, I'm not so dumb not to remember to do the commit. Meaning, I should actually separate the commits.; Better yet, commits should be in runner

---
## [Alone0316/kernel_mido](https://github.com/Alone0316/kernel_mido)@[8820ca2a23...](https://github.com/Alone0316/kernel_mido/commit/8820ca2a23318637f5b2586b6e4af75cfbac1916)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 10:09:22 by tanish2k09

Introducing KLapse - A kernel level livedisplay module v4.0:

Author: @tanish2k09 (email: tanish2k09.dev@gmail.com)

What is it?
Kernel-based Lapse ("K-Lapse") is a linear RGB scaling module that 'shifts' RGB based on time (of the day/selected by user), or (since v2.0) brightness. This concept is inspired from
LineageOS (formerly known as 'CyanogenMod') ROM's feature "livedisplay" which also changes the display settings (RGB, hue, temperature, etc) based on time.

Why did you decide to make this? (Tell me a story).
I (personally) am a big fan of the livedisplay feature found on LineageOS ROM. I used it every single day, since Android Lollipop. Starting from Android Nougat, a native night mode
solution was added to AOSP and it felt like livedisplay was still way superior, thanks to its various options (you could say it spoiled me, sure). I also maintained a kernel (Venom
kernel) for the device I was using at that time. It was all good until the OEM dropped support for the device at Android M, and XDA being XDA, was already working on N ROMs. The issue
was, these ROMs weren't LineageOS or based on it, so livedisplay was... gone. I decided I'll try to bring that feature to every other ROM. How would I do that? Of course! The kernel! It
worked on every single ROM, it was the key! I started to work on it ASAP and here it is, up on GitHub, licensed under GPL (check klapse.c), open to everyone :)

How does it work?
Think of it like a fancy night mode, but not really. Klapse is dependent on an RGB interface (like Gamma on MTK and KCAL on SD chipsets). It fetches time from the kernel, converts it to
local time, and selects and RGB set based on the time. The result is really smooth shifting of RGB over time.

How does it really work (dev)?
Klapse mode 1 (time-based scaling) uses a method void klapse_pulse(void) that should ideally be called every minute. This can be done by injecting a pulse call inside another method that
is called repeatedly naturally, like cpufreq or atomic or frame commits. It can be anything, whatever you like, even a kthread, as long as it is called repeatedly naturally. To execute
every 60 seconds, use jiffies or ktime, or any similar method. The pulse function fetches the current time and makes calculations based on the current hour and the values of the tunables
listed down below.

Klapse mode 2 (brightness-based scaling) uses a method void set_rgb_slider(<type> bl_lvl) where is the data type of the brightness level used in your kernel source. (OnePlus 6 uses u32
data type for bl_lvl) set_rgb_slider needs to be called/injected inside a function that sets brightness for your device. (OnePlus 6 uses dsi_panel.c for that, check out the diff for that
file in /op6)

What all stuff can it do?

1, Emulate night mode with the proper RGB settings
2, Smoothly scale from one set of RGB to another set of RGB in integral intervals over time.
3, Reduce perceived brightness using brightness_factor by reducing the amount of color on screen. Allows lower apparent brightness than system permits.
4, Scale RGB based on brightness of display (low brightness usually implies a dark environment, where yellowness is probably useful).
5, Automate the perceived brightness independent of whether klapse is enabled, using its own set of start and stop hours.
6, Be more efficient,faster by residing inside the kernel instead of having to use the HWC HAL like android's night mode.
7, (On older devices) Reduce stuttering or frame lags caused by native night mode.
8, An easier solution against overlay-based apps that run as service in userspace/Android and sometimes block apps asking for permissions.
9, Give you a Livedisplay alternative if it doesn't work in your ROM.
10, Impress your crush so you can get a date (Hey, don't forget to credit me if it works).

Alright, so this is a replacement for night mode?
NO! Not at all. One can say this is merely an alternative for LineageOS' Livedisplay, but inside a kernel. Night mode is a sub-function of both Livedisplay and KLapse. Most comparisons
here were made with night mode because that's what an average user uses, and will relate to the most. There is absolutely no reason for your Android kernel to not have KLapse. Go ahead
and add it or ask your kernel maintainer to. It's super-easy!

What can it NOT do (yet)?

1, Calculate scaling to the level of minutes, like "Start from 5:37pm till 7:19am". --TODO
2, Make coffee for you.
3, Fly you to the moon. Without a heavy suit.
4, Get you a monthly subscription of free food, cereal included.

All these following tunables are found in their respective files in /sys/klapse/

1. enable_klapse : A switch to enable or disable klapse. Values : 0 = off, 1 = on (since v2.0, 2 = brightness-dependent mode)
2. klapse_start_hour : The hour at which klapse should start scaling the RGB values from daytime to target (see next points). Values : 0-23
3. klapse_stop_hour : The hour by which klapse should scale back the RGB values from target to daytime (see next points). Values : 0-23
4. daytime_rgb : The RGB set that must be used for all the time outside of start and stop hour range.
5. target_rgb : The RGB set that must be scaled towards for all the time inside of start and stop hour range.
6. klapse_scaling_rate : Controls how soon the RGB reaches from daytime to target inside of start and stop hour range. Once target is reached, it remains constant till 30 minutes before
   stop hour, where target RGB scales back to daytime RGB.
7. brightness_factor : From the name itself, this value has the ability to bend perception and make your display appear as if it is at a lesser brightness level than it actually is at.
   It works by reducing the RGB values by the same factor. Values : 2-10, (10 means accurate brightness, 5 means 50% of current brightness, you get it)
8. brightness_factor_auto : A switch that allows you to automatically set the brightness factor in a set time range. Value : 0 = off, 1 = on
9. brightness_factor_auto_start_hour : The hour at which brightness_factor should be applied. Works only if #8 is 1. Values : 0-23
10. brightness_factor_auto_stop_hour : The hour at which brightness_factor should be reverted to 10. Works only if #8 is 1. Values : 0-23
11. backlight_range : The brightness range within which klapse should scale from daytime to target_rgb. Works only if #1 is 2. Values : MIN_BRIGHTNESS-MAX_BRIGHTNESS

Signed-off-by: Eliminater74 <eliminater74@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: energyspear17 <energyspear17@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Michael <loukerismichalis@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: PainKiller3 <ninadpatil100@gmail.com>

---
## [Pepsilawn/fulpstation](https://github.com/Pepsilawn/fulpstation)@[c449fbb56c...](https://github.com/Pepsilawn/fulpstation/commit/c449fbb56c7cb57fc9d8c0db32be0b66e6d7293b)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 10:40:17 by SgtHunk

Fixes Solitaire runtimes + missing APCs (#488)

* solitaire fixes

* fuck you bar decals

---
## [TadavomnisT/TadaPress](https://github.com/TadavomnisT/TadaPress)@[3711e2e2fb...](https://github.com/TadavomnisT/TadaPress/commit/3711e2e2fbd0ab129515113d4cf4dafa8211f9f2)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 12:29:34 by behrad.b

xxx bloody hell xxx 

My decent implementation turned into a crazy one again... 
Who the fuck can debug this shit mate...?

Totally disappointed :/

=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+

Side note:

I did make a change to commented rule-checkers :
Used #ifdef $endif

---
## [mjfreese/horus-heresy](https://github.com/mjfreese/horus-heresy)@[ca56edf98c...](https://github.com/mjfreese/horus-heresy/commit/ca56edf98c6c6cc6f476c5d97be0cbcf21af46b9)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 14:22:38 by mjfreese

Master Merge (#1)

* WLTs and Shrapnel

[Added]
- Generic WLTs
- Legion-specific WLT placeholders
- WLT SEG added to generics (Praetors, Centurion)
- Graviton and Shrapnel weapons to all relevant models (I'm dead inside after needing to handle such needlessly picky formatting from GW)
- To facilitate Shrapnel Pistols, I added a Bolt Pistol Options SEG to several generic units

[Changed]
- Master of the Legion; now a separate SE that checks for 1 instance per 1k pts
- Added MotL to all relevant characters
- Mandatory generic WLTs handled as links to single WLT rather than SEG (Only done for IW characters, but can easily be duplicated for others)
- Mandatory non-generic WLTs only constrained by Min/Max 1 Warlord (didn't think it was relevant to make their specific WLTs also constrained as only one Warlord can be chosen at a time afaik)
- Reformatted Palatine Blades to fit Tactical template (Min X, decrement X, repeat X for models)
- Reformatted Centurion weapon options to cut down on clutter and bring in line with recent discussions/other entries
- Some fairly serious changes to Veterans to force checks on TLC and basic unit choice. I might honestly suggest formatting them more like Termies; as much I hate how clunky it is, there does not seem to be another way to force model integrity. The other option is completely ignoring the book's format and formatting it the way Recon Squads and several others currently are; please advise.

Pretty sure I missed some Shrapnel/Graviton options in some places, but I'm very tired and can deal with them when someone points them out.

* Follow-up

Realize I didn't upload the right files the first time. Apologies.

* Update 2022 - Legiones Astartes.cat

#Added Units
Advex-mors Greatsword
Arquitor Squaron
Dreadwing Interemptors
Inner Circle Knights Cenobium
Inner Circle Knights Cenobium - Order of Broken Talon
Kratos Battlecannon
Kratos Squadron
Missile launcher with suspensor web, rad missiles and statis missiles - Needed for Interemptors
Scorpius Squadon

* Update 2022 - Legiones Astartes.cat

Added Hexagrammaton Choice to Kratos

* Update 2022 - Legiones Astartes.cat

Updated Arquitors to use the same main weapon

* Update 2022 - Legiones Astartes.cat

Removed Arquitor Squadron since Ursii's Iron Warriors update will include them.

* Apothecary, Techmarine, DG Expanded

[[Added]]
- Rapier Battery
- Castra Ferrum Dreads
- Mortus Poisoners
- Crysos Morturg
- Marshal Durak Rask
- Nullificator Squad
- Indomitus Terminator Squad

[[Changed]]
- Finished Apothecarion, Techmarine
- Arquitor Bombard (Sorry, Rev; it was weird to format)

* Update 2022 - Horus Heresy.gst

Added Expanded Unit Types from Legacies of The Age of Darkness

* Shred Removal

Dunno why Shrapnel weapons had Shred; been working with them for a week and never noticed the profile, I guess.

Co-authored-by: Nikola Beo <totallylegitbusinessperson@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: revivedtitan <Michael.r.lautieri@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: figjam-bohica <89983452+figjam-bohica@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Noah Stephen Haskell <nstephenh@gmail.com>

---
## [Calyxman/Foundation-19](https://github.com/Calyxman/Foundation-19)@[68f85a6082...](https://github.com/Calyxman/Foundation-19/commit/68f85a608266a4e2cfb5fb71c545f80ff0e6c7d1)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 14:31:02 by Calyxman

go fuck yourself - fixes things that I fucking hate fuck this fucking codebase!

---
## [wxifuwu/dbw](https://github.com/wxifuwu/dbw)@[3051a729c1...](https://github.com/wxifuwu/dbw/commit/3051a729c1fa600bd0dfdd31764333ae35cf7845)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 14:47:55 by Luna / wxifu

Fuck you Google for complaining about Link Content

---
## [wraiford/ibgib](https://github.com/wraiford/ibgib)@[3140740006...](https://github.com/wraiford/ibgib/commit/31407400062e29a00e1e5af2b1b4188ef0a173ad)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 14:56:31 by William Raiford

defer: manifest v3 (chrome)

* I'm stopping the manifest v3 changes for the time being.
* I'm goin to go ahead and merge this into main, to keep the changes.
* it's not implemented fully (not even close)...
  * there is more code in background.js and injected.js
  * but too much of a pain in the ass for too little (only chrome)
* really I'm just sick of working on it, unfortunately.
  * it's still a good idea though, for increasing the ability to
    create ibgibs from the browser. Just too poor of a dev experience
    for me personally atow.

---
## [crsongirkar/CodeForces](https://github.com/crsongirkar/CodeForces)@[83fb394cb5...](https://github.com/crsongirkar/CodeForces/commit/83fb394cb5429762443e6375f614fcc84d7c133b)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 15:10:48 by Chinmay Songirkar

Create A. Boy or Girl.cpp

Those days, many boys use beautiful girls' photos as avatars in forums. So it is pretty hard to tell the gender of a user at the first glance. Last year, our hero went to a forum and had a nice chat with a beauty (he thought so). After that they talked very often and eventually they became a couple in the network.

But yesterday, he came to see "her" in the real world and found out "she" is actually a very strong man! Our hero is very sad and he is too tired to love again now. So he came up with a way to recognize users' genders by their user names.

This is his method: if the number of distinct characters in one's user name is odd, then he is a male, otherwise she is a female. You are given the string that denotes the user name, please help our hero to determine the gender of this user by his method.

Input
The first line contains a non-empty string, that contains only lowercase English letters — the user name. This string contains at most 100 letters.

Output
If it is a female by our hero's method, print "CHAT WITH HER!" (without the quotes), otherwise, print "IGNORE HIM!" (without the quotes).

---
## [rorgoroth/mingw-cmake-env](https://github.com/rorgoroth/mingw-cmake-env)@[d3287a515b...](https://github.com/rorgoroth/mingw-cmake-env/commit/d3287a515ba6a8bcd1cbe62792075267c3e7f750)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 15:56:40 by Ray Griffin

packages/update-repo.sh: tweak...

Firstly, fix the quoting.
Secondly, disable submodules; something fucky is going on here especially with libplacebo which makes every `ninja update` causes the stamp files to be deleted and package rebuilt despite no changes there for 4 days. So see how this goes, I don't think anything really uses submodules but if it does I'll have to set up a function in the build files to deal with those since this is kinda annoying.

CMake should take care of this anyway? The logs kinda point to that.
For reference: https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/policy/CMP0097.html#policy:CMP0097

---
## [Himemoria/android_kernel_xiaomi_mt6768](https://github.com/Himemoria/android_kernel_xiaomi_mt6768)@[6bb9f95d37...](https://github.com/Himemoria/android_kernel_xiaomi_mt6768/commit/6bb9f95d37720c93db4c0ff46968bbb0cee88509)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 16:00:32 by Wang Han

power: Introduce OnePlus 3 fingerprintd thaw hack

Taken from Oneplus 3, this hack will make fingerprintd recover from suspend quickly.

Small fixes for newer kernels since we're coming from 3.10.108..

Change-Id: I0166e82d51a07439d15b41dbc03d7e751bfa783b
Co-authored-by: Cyber Knight <cyberknight755@gmail.com>
[cyberknight777: forwardport and adapt to 4.14]
Signed-off-by: Shreyansh Lodha <slodha96@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Pierre2324 <pdbbasketball@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: PainKiller3 <ninadpatil100@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Dhruv <dhruvgera61@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Cyber Knight <cyberknight755@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Egii <regidesoftian@gmail.com>

---
## [ThakaRashard/film1](https://github.com/ThakaRashard/film1)@[eb46f826fb...](https://github.com/ThakaRashard/film1/commit/eb46f826fb70e5ddc216eb311fef39b097701f85)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 16:22:48 by ThakaRashard

Today, Arkeisha Knight shared a touching photo of her buddy on Instagram and revealed the sad news with her followers. In addition, she described her feelings about this sad loss and remembered their last 5 years which had together.

This Instagram post has reached more than 80k likes and a lot of followers of her have written many comments to support her due to the unexpected loss of her.

Here’s what Arkeisha stated:

“I lost my baby today 🐶 I love u peso I wish I was there to protect u! my heart is broken 💔💔 I’ve had him for 5 years and he got attacked on Easter by a pit bull next door to his dad’s house…

What do u guys do for pain cause I keep falling asleep? R.I.P peso ❤️🐶.”

A fan named Kia Janeen commented:

“I’m so sorry. I hope they handled the pit.”

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[01ed283a25...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/01ed283a255cae18ca273ee181977d6334f55c48)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 17:52:17 by Marko Grdinić

"2:20pm. I was in bed for quite a while today. I'll go back as soon as I finish up here. I only got up to have breakfast.

i've accepted many things about me, but one thing I haven't covered yet is my sadness. I've been trying to so hard for so long and yet the world is only throwing hurles at me. I have to deal with its coldness with willpower and perseverance. But what do I do when I do not have the resources to deal with the challenges. When everything becomes left to luck and the dice do not land right?

What am I supposed to do?

Sometimes pushing past the sadness is not the right answer. Instead I can turn it inside out and ask the world for help. If it has to make me feel like a human, I should act like a human. Plenty of people are in the same hopeless situation. My cry will summon them, and they will become my power.

The grade of a writer is not determined by the intelligence of the writer. Plenty of people are smart and yet write forgettable stories.

A mark of a top class writer or an artist is not technical proficiency, but the power to grasp the heart of the readers. I will open up a path, and invite the readers onto the journey to omnipotence. Simply writing a story is not enough. Leaving it to luck is not enough. Heaven's Key succeeding won't be a matter of luck.

I won't let it. I have the power to do this in myself. If my lonely struggle is hopeless, then I will turn that hopelessness into hope.

I will look my defeat in the eye. And this time I will accept it an emphasize with the other people in such a situation.

2:35pm. Playing the same trick, willpower, does get old after a while. No way will the universe allow it. It will only allow me to come so far.

I know I said I was going to do the outline, but that does not matter and can be done later. What matters is that I put this profound sadness and desire for power into words. All this world is asking me is to put a bit of sincerity into my efforts.

Nobody cares about the sci-fi gizmos. The stuff I wrote last year was third rate. I am going to demonstrate what first rate writing is. The story needs to be an entry into a dream.

2:40pm. Let me go to bed here.

7:25pm. I am up. I feel like I've gathered a bit more motivation.

This time I do not want to do things as fiercely as before. I tried ML and it culminated in me wanting to ask the machine a question. Why don't I write with the intention of asking a question of the world? It won't be to make an announcement like last time.

It is a perfect fit for the me as I am now riddled with doubts and uncertainties.

Also forget the outline. Story writing is all about momentum.

I can't forget the most important thing, that I in fact got right last time.

For the story to work, it has to not just entrance the reader, but the writer itself.

The quality of a particular piece of code is how easy it is to reason about.

The quality of a piece of writing is the expressive energy contained in it. It is not good unless it steals the writer's soul.

Things like outline, story structure, characterization take a backseat to that.

The raw passion is the mark of a true first grade artist.

7:30pm. The most important part of the story is the very first one. It is what will make me motivated to write the rest. It is what will convince the reader to give it a try.

I am just as much as the target of the story I am writing as the reader is. I can't forget that. If I remove myself from the equation, the story will be second rate at best and I will be stuck doing a dull job.

7:35pm. Today, I've spent the day in sadness. I'll keep doing these naps until my system digests the emotions and my new motivation is established properly. There is no need to force myself to write. I should instead bring myself to the point where I do not feel like doing anything else other than write.

I am sad because if wanting to win just brought me to this point, just what was the point of it all? Was there a point to having such a strong desire to self improve? I want the world to give me an answer. Since I have the proclivity towards writing, going down that path is the best way to go.

Money is secondary. I'll ensure the proper system is set up for the readers to support me, but whether I end up making 10$ a month or 1k a month is all up to fate. If I can't win, I simply can't win. Deepmind or somebody else will make that friendly AI and we will all be suppressed to never access the self improvement loop. Humanity will be safe, and desire and ambition of the individual will perish. It will only be the fault of others for letting it come to that. I can honestly say I gave it my best.

Simply a job will not allow me to close the gap with those giant, well funded research groups. I need to ask the world a question - just how does it want me to beat them? I need a sign.

I won't look for it from within anymore. The reaction to the story will be clue to home me in.

7:40pm. I should believe in myself. I said the passion is the mark of a first grade artist, but for most people that is probably the most difficult part to emulate. I can do it. Just how many times have I tricked myself into doing programming? I should be able to manage this for writing itself.

But I won't be as intense as before. I can only make proposals and observe the reaction to them.

7:45pm. It could be a fun journey. DALLE is something good. Maybe something further will come along those lines. Just by writing, I might be able to upgrade myself into a one man studio eventually. Maybe me getting rejected here will be a favor in disguise.

7:50pm. There is no need to be in a hurry to ask a question. There is no need to be intense in searching for an answer. I want to keep needling the world. Is it only going to keep sending me hurdle after hurdle or is it going to give me a little bit of what I need to win?"

---
## [meedan/pender](https://github.com/meedan/pender)@[64605616ce...](https://github.com/meedan/pender/commit/64605616ce5a8fca4fd4b66289e82dec36946cbd)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 18:22:36 by Christa Hartsock

Update Instagram GraphQL URL for items

At some point recently the URL we use to query GraphQL data for
Instagram items stopped returning the data we need. This updates that
URL with (honestly kinda magical) query params that make the
query work again. It's possible this will change again in the future--
would be nice to find an approach that works and is documented.

Here's the StackOverflow post that suggested the query params
needed: https://stackoverflow.com/a/72582413

CHECK-1201

---
## [khalidmammadov/spark](https://github.com/khalidmammadov/spark)@[c4c623a3a8...](https://github.com/khalidmammadov/spark/commit/c4c623a3a890267b2f9f8d472c8be30fc5db53e1)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 18:30:28 by Hyukjin Kwon

[SPARK-39869][SQL][TESTS] Fix flaky hive - slow tests because of out-of-memory

### What changes were proposed in this pull request?

This PR adds some manual `System.gc`. I know enough that this doesn't guarantee the garbage collection and sounds somewhat funny but it works in my experience so far, and I did such hack in some places before.

### Why are the changes needed?

To deflake the tests.

### Does this PR introduce _any_ user-facing change?

No, dev and test-only.

### How was this patch tested?

CI in this PR should test it out.

Closes #37291 from HyukjinKwon/SPARK-39869.

Authored-by: Hyukjin Kwon <gurwls223@apache.org>
Signed-off-by: Hyukjin Kwon <gurwls223@apache.org>

---
## [Jovasa/aoc2016](https://github.com/Jovasa/aoc2016)@[89665c1978...](https://github.com/Jovasa/aoc2016/commit/89665c1978c9ff2069632365fb8a9daf9920b344)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 19:56:40 by Jovasa

Day10, holy shit that was annoying by making stupid mistakes

---
## [Coffee-Client/Coffee](https://github.com/Coffee-Client/Coffee)@[2b68c0f038...](https://github.com/Coffee-Client/Coffee/commit/2b68c0f038353dbbc086fee19ab9146877eade91)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 19:58:26 by 0x3C50

been a while
- remove viafabric's new warning for girlboss, guardian or nochatreports being installed
- add girlboss into the client directly
fuck you kenny you know what you did

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[5dc17bd865...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/5dc17bd86556c01cc0f81f54a6ce270169c00088)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 21:21:01 by san7890

Security's Scaling Departmental Accesses - More Pop, More Problems (#68534)

lternative to #68527
About The Pull Request

Hey there,

This is an alternative PR that I concocted based on talking with Goof on that PR. Basically, we already have a nicely complicated system to track and balance the number of security officers we have in a shift based on some config coefficient setting, by which we can set the amount of lockers that spawn in on the start of a round, as well as determine truly how many security officers we have.

image

So, I've decided to leverage this in another way. Basically, based on the number of security officers in a shift, their specific departmental officers will also get more (elevated) accesses. They already start with a certain amount of access, but they can get more if it is a low-pop shift with the mechanic introduced in this PR. For example, an Engineering Security Officer can access Atmospherics and Engineering departments by default, but they can't access Telecommunications unless there is a lower population of players AT SHIFT START. Same for a Medical Security Officer accessing Medbay, but not Plumbing.

Update: I have made it such that there are three system that server operators can set:

They can use the Scaling System that operates in the same method outlined in the rest of the PR.
They can disable giving departmental security officers "elevated access" (such as access beyond the "front doors") to these officers.
Finally, they can also just always ensure that departmental security officers get the maximal accesses possible.

The default setting is the "Scaling System" outlined in this PR, which is already dependent on the general Security Officer Scaling Co-Efficient.
Why It's Good For The Game

I think it's better to involve some more nuanced config scaling that we already have present in the game. The major theme that we want to avoid is that departmental security officers having maximal accesses when there is an already large number of persons on the security force will result in "miserable" shifts for the common person working within a department (security metaprotections). However, some server operators (as well as server cultures) tend to have very wide ranges in how many security officers they have on a shift-by-shift basis. One day, you could have 0-2 security officers, the next, you could have 4-6. It's all variable on who's playing (as always). There is also a significant variation between server to server in regards to how many security officer slots you tend to have on spawn, but this is already manageable by the security officer co-efficient in config.

I believe this PR is an acceptable proposal within the bounds of #68527 (comment) , although it may bend certain aspects of it, I definitely do see where some people may be coming from. I believe I've adjusted the accesses to a "sane"/justifiable amount, but I'll come back to think on everything.

"Red-tiding" may or may not be a problem, but there's always just going to be something inherently silly with a security officer being able to walk into plumbing to start plumbing. I hoped that this would be seen as a positive as opposed to a negative, but I can see how it could negatively impact player experience. HOWEVER, interplayer experience should not be handled by the codebase in all aspects, which is why I've also passed in the associated config variables, so that server operators (who should handle the interplayer experience with their level of discretion and nuance) can.
What accesses are where?

The general philosophy as I thought through designing this would be that the security officer should at the very least have general "front-door" access into a department, and maybe something benign. If we had even more per-door accesses, this could definitely be a bit more granular (one example I can think of would only atmospherics technicians having access to the "Pump Room", while Security Officers would not. However, this is for a later date). So, you have the "default" access you always get, and a potential to get "elevated" access as a Departmental Security Officer.

The balances are as such:

The Cargo Security Officer will have access to the Cargo Bay, Mining Section, and the Shipping Room. The first two are rather general areas, with the Shipping Room being a rather good help for rescuing (or "rescuing") flushed crewmembers when the cargo techies can't get to it/no AI. The Auxiliary Base is not essential to the security officer's functions, and the mining station helps restrict access further on stations like IceBox. This would also grant them extra access to the Lavaland base, so let's snip that out.

The Engineering Security Officer should have access to only general Engineering and Atmospherics. Construction pertains to certain rooms in maintenance I believe, and Engine-Equipment should be the one that grants access to APCs (lol). I don't think a security officer should have the latter one to be honest, but I think we'll be stretching the scope of this PR. Telecommunications is a bit weird, it's a critical station function, but I think you also shouldn't be able to nick one goon's ID and have access, so let's give it to them only when it's "needed".

The Medical Security Officer should have access to only the general Medbay Area and the Morgue, in case someone starts trotting on the doctor's turf, or if there's someone doing unsavory things to the bodies while the doctors are away. They will not have access to the specialized (dangerous) areas unless the ratio of secoffs to the population is low enough should it necessitate it (Plumbing Room, Pharmacy, Virology). I also added Surgery to the scaling access, but I'm iffy on that one. I don't particularly see why they should have it as a base access, but I also do see there being some need in dire straits (in relation to helping people, not tiding).

The Science Security Officer definitely got a huge cut. They now only have general access to R&D and normal scientist areas like the lathe room, circuits lab (presumably)since these are generally trafficked areas, but I definitely clamped down on additional access they might get in a "normally balanced" situation (no ordnance+storage, no xenobio, no genetics, no to robotics, etc.) They don't have a particular use in these areas and can even be a bit obstructive to flow in normal circumstances, but if abnormal circumstances arise and there's not a lot of security hands-on-deck, then their access is expanded.

Honestly, balancing this both makes sense and is conversely rather odd. I'm just running off what we already hold to be true and expected (or at least as of the last two months), and we can go from there.
Changelog

cl
balance: Nanotrasen realized that the more access they had on their cards was costing them a pretty penny, so they trimmed back the number of accesses a certain departmental Security Guard might have. However, any given guard will get back a greater amount of accesses depending on how many security guards there are in relation to the population.
config: Hey server operators, listen! We've changed up how Departmental Security Officers get their accesses, so be sure to review the DEPSEC_ACCESS_LEVEL config number to see what you want to work best for your server.
/cl

Also, every single line of code found in 4533f07 that is now presently in this PR is deliberate

---
## [DeffoN0tSt3/Infosec_Reference](https://github.com/DeffoN0tSt3/Infosec_Reference)@[cef2bd6f6c...](https://github.com/DeffoN0tSt3/Infosec_Reference/commit/cef2bd6f6c2cbf3476f4b212b7c3c94adefc138e)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 21:25:21 by rmusser01

If you're reading this, I hope you're having at least a decent 3rd weekend of December. Hopefully next year won't be such a trashfire. #miracles ; Thanks to all the people who have helped make this year be not a _complete_ clusterfuck; small update. more backlog clearing. Next will hopefully be exec/evasion cleanup, then the redteam page and adding actual 'team' content to it. Shoutout agin to S for the much appreciated criticism. Here's to hoping for no new pandemics/genocides/wars/complete collapse of society for at least the next year. #smallmiracles

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[4ca2a57ae7...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/4ca2a57ae7535433d20adfd1d4804769f3b109cd)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 21:37:41 by Justice

Adds the Mothroach (#68763)


About The Pull Request

Yup. That's pretty much it. This PR adds the Mothroach to the game, described as "An ancient ancestor of the moth that surprisingly looks like the crossbreed of a moth and a cockroach."

Do you love the Mothroach? Then you can cuddle with it and pat it, as well as place it on your head for extra cuteness.
What if you hate it, though? You can always kill and butcher Mothroaches in order to mass produce moth plushes for your own profit... How fun!

Either way, you win!

The Mothroach can be picked up and has a special on-head sprite (which looks really cute). It is able to vent-crawl and you may get one by randomly summoning a friendly mob through the gold slime extracts, or by ordering one through the Cargo Requests. After butchered, you may use its hide, a heart, and some cloth to craft a moth plushie, the most devilish of Devil's designs.

Full Preview of all the Sprites (NEW): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdg8FTNEYjI
Preview of some of the Sprites (OLD): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9A-8hGCiW0s
In-hand, on-head, and grounded Mothroach sprite credits go to ValuedEmployee.
I did the Mothroach hide sprite though!
Why It's Good For The Game

The Mothroach is incredibly cute and a neat, fresh, new piece of content. Although it could use some future repurposing, right now it's simply a cute exotic pet with a few interactions.

These cute sprites are just too good to go to waste...

I keep seeing people complain about the lack of new content. Well, here's something niche that won't break the whole balance of the game and that will be cute. I seriously cannot see a motive not to add this to the game. Just because it isn't a powergaming tool or something that is seen every shift, that doesn't mean that it won't have a positive influence on the game. As I have stated, right now the Mothroaches are underperforming in terms of interactions and ways of getting them, but adding them is the first step to later improve them.
Changelog

cl
add: The Mothroach, your new local exotic pet
add: Mothroach Hide and Mothroach Meat
add: New crafting recipe for the Moth Plush: 1 Mothroach Hide; 1 heart; 3 cloth
fix: Fixes dead mobs on-head not having sprites
/cl

---
## [kguzek/code-jam-2022](https://github.com/kguzek/code-jam-2022)@[76c5936a2a...](https://github.com/kguzek/code-jam-2022/commit/76c5936a2af1f49bc5d6b6c898db3dbac640843a)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 22:19:48 by DevFlock

SORRY I HAD TO FIX END OF FILE PLS ALLOW

If I didnt fix it, I would have to live my life knowing that the tests didnt pass. I would have to suffer with all the pain.

---
## [dankcuddlybear/vapourepo](https://github.com/dankcuddlybear/vapourepo)@[29bda23fe9...](https://github.com/dankcuddlybear/vapourepo/commit/29bda23fe9c2e7a80dcdb3dfd76a6c2c0bf7f3c4)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 23:00:18 by dankcuddlybear

nvidia-open is still unstable and breaks resume from suspend. Nvidia, fuck you!

---
## [Jureiia/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Jureiia/Skyrat-tg)@[b15331b4df...](https://github.com/Jureiia/Skyrat-tg/commit/b15331b4df9bd525ba80b284beb3442f180c01be)
#### Thursday 2022-08-04 23:43:56 by OrionTheFox

[MANUAL MIRROR] The GAGening: Clothesmate edition [MDB IGNORE] (#15100)

* The GAGening: Clothesmate edition

* ThisShouldWork

* hgnbhg

* would probably help to have the right .dmi

* fixed?

* Fuck you

Co-authored-by: Twaticus <46540570+Twaticus@users.noreply.github.com>

---

# [<](2022-08-03.md) 2022-08-04 [>](2022-08-05.md)

