# [<](2022-07-24.md) 2022-07-25 [>](2022-07-26.md)

1,918,832 events recorded by [gharchive.org](https://www.gharchive.org/) of which 1,918,832 were push events containing 2,890,872 commit messages that amount to 223,404,412 characters filtered with [words.py@e23d022007...](https://github.com/defgsus/good-github/blob/e23d022007992279f9bcb3a9fd40126629d787e2/src/words.py) to these 46 messages:


## [Emiller88/doomemacs](https://github.com/Emiller88/doomemacs)@[b07614037f...](https://github.com/Emiller88/doomemacs/commit/b07614037f7670682d2c193d83abdb9eed9f218e)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 00:04:26 by TEC

fix(mu4e): support mu 1.8

Thanks to some combination of ignorance and obstinance, mu4e has thrown
compatibility to the wind and completely ignored the exitance of
define-obsolete-function-alias. Coupled with the inconsistent/partial
function renaming, this has made the mu4e 1.6⟶1.8 change particularly
annoying to deal with.

By suffering the pain of doing the mu4e author's work for them, we can
use defalias to give backwards compatibility a good shot for about 60
functions. Some mu4e~x functions are now mu4e--x, others are unchanged,
and then you've got a few odd changes like mu4e~proc -> mu4e--server and
mu4e-search-rerun. The form of message :from entries has also changed,
and a new (mu4e) entrypoint added supplanting mu4e~start.

Fix: #6511
Close: #6549
Co-authored-by: Rahguzar <aikrahguzar@gmail.com>

---
## [CeicSoum/codewars](https://github.com/CeicSoum/codewars)@[a10d115b24...](https://github.com/CeicSoum/codewars/commit/a10d115b243c8a90b01ec9b99a5c2fb0129d64d6)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 00:59:43 by CeicSoum

Update and rename Hëävÿ Mëtäl Ümläüts to heavy.cs

 Create Hëävÿ Mëtäl Ümläüts

Your retro heavy metal band, VÄxën, originally started as kind of a joke, just because why would anyone want to use the crappy foosball table in your startup's game room when they could be rocking out at top volume in there instead? Yes, a joke, but now all the top tech companies are paying you top dollar to play at their conferences and big product-release events. And just as how in the early days of the Internet companies were naming everything "i"-this and "e"-that, now that VÄxënmänïä has conquered the tech world, any company that doesn't use Hëävÿ Mëtäl Ümläüts in ëvëry pössïblë pläcë is looking hopelessly behind the times.

Well, with great power chords there must also come great responsibility! You need to help these companies out by writing a function that will guarantee that their web sites and ads and everything else will RÖCK ÄS MÜCH ÄS PÖSSÏBLË! Just think about it -- with the licensing fees you'll be getting from Gööglë, Fäcëböök, Äpplë, and Ämäzön alone, you'll probably be able to end world hunger, make college and Marshall stacks free to all, and invent self-driving bumper cars. Sö lët's gët röckïng and röllïng! Pëdal tö thë MËTÄL!

Here's a little cheatsheet that will help you write your function to replace the so-last-year letters a-e-i-o-u-and-sometimes-y with the following totally rocking letters:

A = Ä = \u00c4     E = Ë = \u00cb     I = Ï = \u00cf
O = Ö = \u00d6     U = Ü = \u00dc     Y = Ÿ = \u0178
a = ä = \u00e4     e = ë = \u00eb     i = ï = \u00ef
o = ö = \u00f6     u = ü = \u00fc     y = ÿ = \u00ff

---
## [LightFire53/Paradise](https://github.com/LightFire53/Paradise)@[fd5580307e...](https://github.com/LightFire53/Paradise/commit/fd5580307e1d3a2821ae8b2f26cb04cdcd139f87)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 01:23:53 by Contrabang

Adds a blue overlay to scrying orb users. Spirit realm and scrying orb users now have a special description instead of being catatonic (#18366)

* holy shit blue ghosts

* lets fix that

* you cant see it if its not in ya hand

* Their glowing red eyes are glazed over

* farie review

* farie review pt 2

---
## [Reagy/TF2Classic-KO-Custom-Weapons](https://github.com/Reagy/TF2Classic-KO-Custom-Weapons)@[65175aa9f3...](https://github.com/Reagy/TF2Classic-KO-Custom-Weapons/commit/65175aa9f3c27d7d09c3b13d8f513be9c706447c)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 01:52:04 by The One Of Wonders

V.5.3.9- FUCKCUFKCUFK SHIT FUCK OH GOD NO FUCK-

HOLY SHIT HERE WE GO OH MY GOD WHY HAVE I DONE THIS HJSDKGHNDSJKGDBNGDJHGDLH

---
## [EdwardNashton/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/EdwardNashton/mojave-sun-13)@[a7a0e33192...](https://github.com/EdwardNashton/mojave-sun-13/commit/a7a0e33192ad3fcac5ad64d441f24af6ec852054)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 02:09:38 by Hekzder

Mob overhaul for DT (#2117)

* Basic mobs

Title

* Start of simple robots

Title

* THE GREAT MOB SOUNDENING

TITLE

* Handies + ranged attack buffs

FASTER!!

* Protectrons, robobrains

* Death sounds and fixes some dumb shit

Title

* NEW ROACHES OMG!!!

WOW!

* Robo sounds

Title

* Mob projectile tweaks

I THINK WE'RE GOOD

* bitty

---
## [newstools/2022-express](https://github.com/newstools/2022-express)@[8ef912aa42...](https://github.com/newstools/2022-express/commit/8ef912aa422ffc233297a67fa30d685a21f965da)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 02:12:53 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [www.express.co.uk/celebrity-news/1645281/good-morning-britain-ranvir-singh-boyfriend-louis-church-age-son-ascot-pictures-gmb-latest]

---
## [ike709/Foundation-19](https://github.com/ike709/Foundation-19)@[3198c7d257...](https://github.com/ike709/Foundation-19/commit/3198c7d257961f97b45ae128cdc72b657a2ed36e)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 02:50:30 by ivanmixo

Fixes MTF heli runtime (#547)

* Fixes mtf heli

* Fuck you die

* Whoops funny haha

* Cheeky juke fix

---
## [Xisifer/SWLOR_Haks](https://github.com/Xisifer/SWLOR_Haks)@[48fef01170...](https://github.com/Xisifer/SWLOR_Haks/commit/48fef01170f83f7a13f0951c6afc07c435539915)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 03:34:27 by Scott Finlay

Patch for Head Pack 4

- Re-added overwritten head 54, now as Head 100. Over-wrote ugly old NWN head that nobody used because I didn't want to fuck with IDs

- Adjusted scaling on Male Hum/Mir/Chi/Ech 50 & 51

---
## [uuRodriguinho/javascript-exercises](https://github.com/uuRodriguinho/javascript-exercises)@[022674475b...](https://github.com/uuRodriguinho/javascript-exercises/commit/022674475b0329496ae4d30df613a9d07bb6a4bd)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 03:39:15 by Aurora

complete exercise 3

omg that was so fucking hard my brain is hurting from thinking
i could thought of the for loop method but the split reverse join
is just fucking nuts, completely out of sense, i mean, it does
make sense i understand how it works but why????????????????

---
## [Ixzahlutf/Programming-Essentials-in-PythonCourse](https://github.com/Ixzahlutf/Programming-Essentials-in-PythonCourse)@[c39881cc1a...](https://github.com/Ixzahlutf/Programming-Essentials-in-PythonCourse/commit/c39881cc1a741819272abda706fd8e5b9580c150)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 04:49:22 by Ixzahlutf

Create      LAB: The continue statement - the Ugly Vowel Eater.py

Estimated time

10-20 minutes
Level of difficulty

Easy
Objectives

Familiarize the student with:

    using the continue statement in loops;
    reflecting real-life situations in computer code.

Scenario

The continue statement is used to skip the current block and move ahead to the next iteration, without executing the statements inside the loop.

It can be used with both the while and for loops.

Your task here is very special: you must design a vowel eater! Write a program that uses:

    a for loop;
    the concept of conditional execution (if-elif-else)
    the continue statement.

Your program must:

    ask the user to enter a word;
    use user_word = user_word.upper() to convert the word entered by the user to upper case; we'll talk about the so-called string methods and the upper() method very soon - don't worry;
    use conditional execution and the continue statement to "eat" the following vowels A, E, I, O, U from the inputted word;
    print the uneaten letters to the screen, each one of them on a separate line.

Test your program with the data we've provided for you.

Test data

Sample input: Gregory

Expected output:
G
R
G
R
Y

Sample input: abstemious

Expected output:
B
S
T
M
S

---
## [Ixzahlutf/Programming-Essentials-in-PythonCourse](https://github.com/Ixzahlutf/Programming-Essentials-in-PythonCourse)@[003a1d4e07...](https://github.com/Ixzahlutf/Programming-Essentials-in-PythonCourse/commit/003a1d4e072d3fd6c3c161198533e83d197ed1ae)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 04:58:43 by Ixzahlutf

Create      LAB: The continue statement - the Pretty Vowel Eater.py

Estimated time

5-15 minutes
Level of difficulty

Easy
Objectives

Familiarize the student with:

    using the continue statement in loops;
    modifying and upgrading the existing code;
    reflecting real-life situations in computer code.

Scenario

Your task here is even more special than before: you must redesign the (ugly) vowel eater from the previous lab (3.1.2.10) and create a better, upgraded (pretty) vowel eater! Write a program that uses:

    a for loop;
    the concept of conditional execution (if-elif-else)
    the continue statement.

Your program must:

    ask the user to enter a word;
    use user_word = user_word.upper() to convert the word entered by the user to upper case; we'll talk about the so-called string methods and the upper() method very soon - don't worry;
    use conditional execution and the continue statement to "eat" the following vowels A, E, I, O, U from the inputted word;
    assign the uneaten letters to the word_without_vowels variable and print the variable to the screen.

Look at the code in the editor. We've created word_without_vowels and assigned an empty string to it. Use concatenation operation to ask Python to combine selected letters into a longer string during subsequent loop turns, and assign it to the word_without_vowels variable.

Test your program with the data we've provided for you.

Test data

Sample input: Gregory

Expected output:
GRGRY

---
## [YASHasvi-SHUkla/Foobar-Google](https://github.com/YASHasvi-SHUkla/Foobar-Google)@[1ecc859250...](https://github.com/YASHasvi-SHUkla/Foobar-Google/commit/1ecc859250ca040d03a4864a06c08d1f7abc4e8d)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 05:11:48 by YASHasvi SHUkla

Create Bomb, Baby!.py

Bomb, Baby!
===========

You're so close to destroying the LAMBCHOP doomsday device you can taste it! But in order to do so, you need to deploy special self-replicating bombs designed for you by the brightest scientists on Bunny Planet. There are two types: Mach bombs (M) and Facula bombs (F). The bombs, once released into the LAMBCHOP's inner workings, will automatically deploy to all the strategic points you've identified and destroy them at the same time. 

But there's a few catches. First, the bombs self-replicate via one of two distinct processes: 
Every Mach bomb retrieves a sync unit from a Facula bomb; for every Mach bomb, a Facula bomb is created;
Every Facula bomb spontaneously creates a Mach bomb.

For example, if you had 3 Mach bombs and 2 Facula bombs, they could either produce 3 Mach bombs and 5 Facula bombs, or 5 Mach bombs and 2 Facula bombs. The replication process can be changed each cycle. 

Second, you need to ensure that you have exactly the right number of Mach and Facula bombs to destroy the LAMBCHOP device. Too few, and the device might survive. Too many, and you might overload the mass capacitors and create a singularity at the heart of the space station - not good! 

And finally, you were only able to smuggle one of each type of bomb - one Mach, one Facula - aboard the ship when you arrived, so that's all you have to start with. (Thus it may be impossible to deploy the bombs to destroy the LAMBCHOP, but that's not going to stop you from trying!) 

You need to know how many replication cycles (generations) it will take to generate the correct amount of bombs to destroy the LAMBCHOP. Write a function solution(M, F) where M and F are the number of Mach and Facula bombs needed. Return the fewest number of generations (as a string) that need to pass before you'll have the exact number of bombs necessary to destroy the LAMBCHOP, or the string "impossible" if this can't be done! M and F will be string representations of positive integers no larger than 10^50. For example, if M = "2" and F = "1", one generation would need to pass, so the solution would be "1". However, if M = "2" and F = "4", it would not be possible.

Languages
=========

To provide a Java solution, edit Solution.java
To provide a Python solution, edit solution.py

Test cases
==========
Your code should pass the following test cases.
Note that it may also be run against hidden test cases not shown here.

-- Java cases --
Input:
Solution.solution('2', '1')
Output:
    1

Input:
Solution.solution('4', '7')
Output:
    4

-- Python cases --
Input:
solution.solution('4', '7')
Output:
    4

Input:
solution.solution('2', '1')
Output:
    1


foobar:~/bomb-baby yashasvigot$ verify solution.py
Verifying solution...
All test cases passed. Use submit solution.py to submit your solution

---
## [imageworks/oiio](https://github.com/imageworks/oiio)@[afc2bd1649...](https://github.com/imageworks/oiio/commit/afc2bd1649a921c56192bbf8c3b326b137237c31)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 05:16:14 by Larry Gritz

parallel.h refactoring and add support for TBB (#3473)

Hide nearly all of the implementation of the parallel_for family of
methods rather than expose them as inline. This gives us more freedom
to change the implementation in the future without breaking ABI.

Deprecate the parallel methods that take task functions whose first
parameter is the thread ID. The only reason they existed is because
our cobbled together thread_pool used that in its inner workings.  But
there are good reasons why we should not expose that:

  * We never used it anyway.

  * It was not very useful, since sometimes it was a real thread ID, but
    other times it was -1 in cases where the calling thread executed the
    task directly.

  * It is inconsistent with other thread pool implementations that we may
    wish to try in the future.

So better just to not expose those thread IDs at all. Mark those
versions of the parallel loops as deprecated and schedule them for
removal in OIIO 3.0.

If TBB is detected at build time, support will be built in that allows
either the old OIIO built-in pool, or TBB, depending on the setting of
a new global OIIO attribute, "use_tbb" (default 0), if set to nonzero
will use the TBB thread pool.

In my experiments, the TBB thread pool seems slightly better -- I
think because there is less overhead, and maybe the clever
work-stealing it does elps to load balance. It's not used by default,
set the attribute if you want to use it (assuming the build
included. After we've had a chance to test more thoroughly, we may
change to use TBB by default. I'm interested to hear people's thoughts
on the matter.

One case where you almost certainly will want to use the TBB thread
pool is if you're using libOpenImageIO from within an application that
uses TBB for its own threding -- that way you're using one pool for
everything, rather than have two separate thread pools that don't know
about each other (and probably twice as many threads as you have
cores)..

---
## [ProjectKasumi/vendor_kasumi](https://github.com/ProjectKasumi/vendor_kasumi)@[2e1eb919fe...](https://github.com/ProjectKasumi/vendor_kasumi/commit/2e1eb919fe2a87f9541571c9f2f76917c252a456)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 05:28:24 by Beru Hinode

Project Kasumi 1.3.1 "PoPiPa"

"Well well well, if it ain't the feds..." says fan-dubbed Sundowner
in first part of Max0r's "Incorrectly Summarized Metal Gear Rising".

This one includes quite the fixes around here and there. I even see
myself touching something as ancient as the boot animation!

Firstly, I realized Google enforces hardware attestation on all
devices supporting and somehow circumvents the realistic crash we
would make happening on _the_ keystore itself located at
system/security, so I had to backport kdrag0n's keystore v2 (Android
12 and later) API patch into keystore v1 (Android 11 and before).
Not to be confused, this is _just_ the API located in
frameworks/base, not the keystore itself which was patched on
Android 11 before.

Then I went on updating Pixel props as always. This should now
give you passing CTS which wasn't on 1.3. You gotta get used to
this, it will happen every month and I have to wait for ForkLOS to
update their props before I can to see what props to use.

Let's see... What else, what else... Ah yeah! I have also backported
another patch that will limit our prop spoofing on Google Play
Services only to the process called ".unstable", which is the one
responsible for doing the SN attestation. This should fix Ok Google
hotword, and several breakages occurring because. Let's pray it
fixes the Chrome WebView crash too, I had enough of it.

And lastly, I have finally fixed our almost 1 years-old boot
animation to be more consistent.

Enjoy it!

Signed-off-by: Beru Hinode <windowz414@1337.lgbt>

---
## [JASorianoHernandez/koreanLanguage](https://github.com/JASorianoHernandez/koreanLanguage)@[0477839a02...](https://github.com/JASorianoHernandez/koreanLanguage/commit/0477839a0257063f15c8d43225a85aca9988a59b)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 06:42:23 by JASorianoHernandez

忍時之忿이면 免百日憂니라

해석:
Enduring a once-in-a-lifetime anger saves you a hundred days of anxiety.

If you endure the anger at one time, you can avoid 100 days of anxiety, which means that it is difficult to endure, and if you endure it, it is as beneficial. Through the two kings of the Joseon Dynasty, we can see how much difference the results of patience differ.

King Sejong never got angry and blamed Choi Man-ri, a minor scholar of Jiphyeonjeon, who persistently opposed the creation of Hunminjeongeum. Rather, it is said that Sejong not only opposed to his will as a king, but also temporarily imprisoned him because he could not leave him in the way of creating Jeongum, and then visited him in prison at night to persuade him of his loyalty.

The rumor of Choi Man-ri's appeal against the creation of Jeongum served as an opportunity to encourage Jeongum creation to be more faithful and perfect. King Sejong's once anger suppressed the reign of the nation's greatest holy army.

---
## [sebasbeleno/ktime-web](https://github.com/sebasbeleno/ktime-web)@[fa7fbbcab1...](https://github.com/sebasbeleno/ktime-web/commit/fa7fbbcab1e0cce5f127aefe327d29277b7edf96)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 07:37:48 by Sebastian Beleño

fix: GOD DAMN FINALLY THE FOKING ESLINT ERROR ITS JUST A BULL SHIT WITH NEXT AAAAAA

---
## [Cassumbra/cocks-conquest](https://github.com/Cassumbra/cocks-conquest)@[b13f8e43a0...](https://github.com/Cassumbra/cocks-conquest/commit/b13f8e43a03c3ec985cb3155c1422d09d26142e2)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 07:59:15 by Cassumbra

God damn you all to hell.

Wrapping should work properly. Probably.

---
## [sojourn-13/sojourn-station](https://github.com/sojourn-13/sojourn-station)@[ef4665ec90...](https://github.com/sojourn-13/sojourn-station/commit/ef4665ec90474cf5ac5f6aff34b6fd30e365429d)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 08:33:07 by DimmaDunk

I HATE LIVERMED, I HATE LIVERMED, I HATE LIVERMED!!! (#3714)

* Makes combat medical kits better

- Replaces Dylovene pill bottle on Combat Medical Kit with Carthatoline pill bottle, as every chem inside it already WAS an upgrade over their normal counterparts, making it better at halting toxins damage and preventing liver from killing you. Also adds a Sanguinum syrette to stave off massive bloodloss which would cause the former as well.
- Replaces one of the Quicklot syrettes with a Sanguinum syrette on the Oxygen Deprivation First Aid Kit for better treatment of causes of oxyloss.
- Standardizes pill icons based on chem colors across all pre-built pills for easier reognition.
- Guarantees the "skill issue/salt PR" tag since it doesn't fix underlying issues of current medical system

* Adds carthatoline pills to deferred and corpsman large kit

Keeping in line with the rest of the PR.

* Blood regen pills!

- Adds pre-made Ferritin-Hemosiderin pills composed of iron and protein to help regenerate lost blood
- Replaces Sanguinum syrette on combat kit with ferritin-hemosiderin pill bottle
- Combat surgery kits now really hold advanced tools (except bone gel since the adv version is Soteria made)
- Makes the advanced bone gel item description not a copypaste of its stock counterpart

* Forgot a comma

Damn my haste.

---
## [Himemoria/android_kernel_xiaomi_mt6768](https://github.com/Himemoria/android_kernel_xiaomi_mt6768)@[4ac50b1de1...](https://github.com/Himemoria/android_kernel_xiaomi_mt6768/commit/4ac50b1de1d5dbdc57100fafdfdb665c0576a67d)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 08:44:34 by Peter Zijlstra

sched/core: Fix ttwu() race

Paul reported rcutorture occasionally hitting a NULL deref:

  sched_ttwu_pending()
    ttwu_do_wakeup()
      check_preempt_curr() := check_preempt_wakeup()
        find_matching_se()
          is_same_group()
            if (se->cfs_rq == pse->cfs_rq) <-- *BOOM*

Debugging showed that this only appears to happen when we take the new
code-path from commit:

  2ebb17717550 ("sched/core: Offload wakee task activation if it the wakee is descheduling")

and only when @cpu == smp_processor_id(). Something which should not
be possible, because p->on_cpu can only be true for remote tasks.
Similarly, without the new code-path from commit:

  c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")

this would've unconditionally hit:

  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL);

and if: 'cpu == smp_processor_id() && p->on_cpu' is possible, this
would result in an instant live-lock (with IRQs disabled), something
that hasn't been reported.

The NULL deref can be explained however if the task_cpu(p) load at the
beginning of try_to_wake_up() returns an old value, and this old value
happens to be smp_processor_id(). Further assume that the p->on_cpu
load accurately returns 1, it really is still running, just not here.

Then, when we enqueue the task locally, we can crash in exactly the
observed manner because p->se.cfs_rq != rq->cfs_rq, because p's cfs_rq
is from the wrong CPU, therefore we'll iterate into the non-existant
parents and NULL deref.

The closest semi-plausible scenario I've managed to contrive is
somewhat elaborate (then again, actual reproduction takes many CPU
hours of rcutorture, so it can't be anything obvious):

					X->cpu = 1
					rq(1)->curr = X

	CPU0				CPU1				CPU2

					// switch away from X
					LOCK rq(1)->lock
					smp_mb__after_spinlock
					dequeue_task(X)
					  X->on_rq = 9
					switch_to(Z)
					  X->on_cpu = 0
					UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									// migrate X to cpu 0
									LOCK rq(1)->lock
									dequeue_task(X)
									set_task_cpu(X, 0)
									  X->cpu = 0
									UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									LOCK rq(0)->lock
									enqueue_task(X)
									  X->on_rq = 1
									UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// switch to X
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	switch_to(X)
	  X->on_cpu = 1
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// X goes sleep
	X->state = TASK_UNINTERRUPTIBLE
	smp_mb();			// wake X
					ttwu()
					  LOCK X->pi_lock
					  smp_mb__after_spinlock

					  if (p->state)

					  cpu = X->cpu; // =? 1

					  smp_rmb()

	// X calls schedule()
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	dequeue_task(X)
	  X->on_rq = 0

					  if (p->on_rq)

					  smp_rmb();

					  if (p->on_cpu && ttwu_queue_wakelist(..)) [*]

					  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL)

					  cpu = select_task_rq(X, X->wake_cpu, ...)
					  if (X->cpu != cpu)
	switch_to(Y)
	  X->on_cpu = 0
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

However I'm having trouble convincing myself that's actually possible
on x86_64 -- after all, every LOCK implies an smp_mb() there, so if ttwu
observes ->state != RUNNING, it must also observe ->cpu != 1.

(Most of the previous ttwu() races were found on very large PowerPC)

Nevertheless, this fully explains the observed failure case.

Fix it by ordering the task_cpu(p) load after the p->on_cpu load,
which is easy since nothing actually uses @cpu before this.

Fixes: c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")
Reported-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Tested-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20200622125649.GC576871@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net
Signed-off-by: Himemorii <himemori@mail.com>
Signed-off-by: Egii <regidesoftian@gmail.com>

---
## [Cassumbra/cocks-conquest](https://github.com/Cassumbra/cocks-conquest)@[b49c72fc36...](https://github.com/Cassumbra/cocks-conquest/commit/b49c72fc36fa8db3b64e2f10fab29bc0370215a8)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 08:50:59 by Cassumbra

No. of CRLFs killed: INF

FUCK YOU FCUK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU DIE DIE DIE DIED EID EI DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE

---
## [DavidGauffinDahlin/Unity-Speedometer](https://github.com/DavidGauffinDahlin/Unity-Speedometer)@[9421ef7913...](https://github.com/DavidGauffinDahlin/Unity-Speedometer/commit/9421ef79139b77a54d3911db2a940a7cae1cb76e)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 08:55:51 by David Gauffin Dahlin

Highlight Unity/Android problem in README

I've faced problems with Android 12 phones and Unity 2021 LTS with this awesome project and other Unity location services applications. Google made some changes to the GPS API in February to Android 12 which made Unity's location backend struggle to calculate new location data, it sometimes takes multiple kilometers for the next data point to be calculated so speedometers don't work after February this year in Unity 2021 (I haven't tested older Unity versions). Unity didn't bother to fix this in Unity 2021 and fixed it in Unity 2022 so building this project with Unity 2022.1.10f1 on my Samsung Note 20 Ultra worked as expected again. (Found the solution here if you want to read more: https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-unity-sdk/issues/1850)

So I thought it would be great to add this information to the README file so other developers don't open this amazing project in Unity 2021 and find it not working which leaves them in frustration and skipping the project (which I was close to doing xD).
Thanks a lot for this gold chest of scripts!!!!

---
## [strinsberg/go-lisp](https://github.com/strinsberg/go-lisp)@[a8858ecfb0...](https://github.com/strinsberg/go-lisp/commit/a8858ecfb01151c68508e948561ae9567aa1537e)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 09:04:48 by strinsberg

Decided to try setting up a new pkg for core where every type is a
custom type. It is better overall I think, but still requires some
things I don't care for. There is still a little more type conversion
than I want. Probably partly due to my not having much experience with
go interfaces. Probably partly due to bad type design. However, it looks
like it will work and no lint errors are showing up so it is good enough
for now. Lots of methods are just declared with default returns to get
things working, so it is by no means done, but it is a good start. A lot
of the previous functionality can be modified to work without much
trouble.

---
## [LuisFelipeCoelho/acts](https://github.com/LuisFelipeCoelho/acts)@[6e1fd31474...](https://github.com/LuisFelipeCoelho/acts/commit/6e1fd314745ae31eaddd8db8f0454b88a9aa60fa)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 09:19:10 by Stephen Nicholas Swatman

feat: Implement a new orthogonal range search seed finder (#904)

As I said in #901, I have been playing around with seed finding a little bit lately. Last weekend, I mentioned an idea for a new (?) kind of seed finding algorithm based on range search datastructures, and this is the very, very first semi-working implementation of it, just before the weekend.

The idea behind this algorithm is relatively simple. In traditional seedfinding, we check a whole lot of candidate spacepoints to see whether they meet some condition. If you look at this differently, each spacepoint defines a volume in the z-r-φ space, which contains any spacepoints it can form a doublet with. What if we reversed this logic? What if we defined this volume first, and then just extract the spacepoints inside of that space? That way, we can vastly reduce the number of spacepoints we need to look at.

How do we do this quickly? With [_k_-d trees](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K-d_tree). These data structures are cheap to build, and they give us very fast orthogonal range searches. In other words, we can very quickly look up which of our spacepoints lie within an axis-aligned orthognal n-dimensional hyperrectangle. In this case, which spacepoints lie within a z-r-φ box.

So, the core idea of this seedfinder is to define as many of our seedfinding constraints in orthogonal fashion. That way, we can make our candidate hyperrectangle smaller and smaller. The tighter the constraints we can place, the better. Then, we look up the relevant spacepoints, and we can avoid looking at any others. That also means this solution requires no binning whatsoever.

## Constraint conversion

Currently there are quite a few constraints in the code. Here is my status update on how well it is going to convert each of them. In some cases, we can define a weaker version of the constraints in orthogonal fashion. This is still very powerful, and it doesn't actually lose us any efficiency (because we can always check the tighter constraint in a non-orthogonal way later, not a problem)!

### Unary constraints

Currently, I am not aware of any unary constraints in the Acts seed finding code. That is to say, logic to determine whether a point is allowed to be a lower spacepoint. However, I have the following thoughts about introducing some:

* I believe the binning code does some kind of magic to determine whether a spacepoint can be a lower spacepoint. Since my solution doesn't use any binning, I don't have access to this just yet. However, if we can incorporate this logic it could be very powerful.
* Maximum single-point η: we currently have some checks in place to see if the pseudorapidity of particles is not too high. We could realistically use this maximum pseudorapidity, combined with the collision region range to constrain the bottom spacepoints.

### Binary constraints

These are the existing binary constraints on spacepoint duplets:

Constraint | Description | Orthogonalization
-|-|-
Minimum ∆r | Ensure that the second spacepoint is within a certain difference in radius | Full
Maximum cot θ | Ensure that the pseudorapidity of the duplet is not too high | Unsuccessful
z-origin range | Ensure that the duplet would have originated from the collision point | Weakened 
Maximum ∆φ<sup>1</sup> | Ensure that the duplet does not bend too much in the x-y plane | Full

<sup>1</sup> This check does not exist explicitly in the existing seed finder, but is implicit in the binning process.

### Ternary constraints

There are a lot of ternary constraints (to check whether a triplet is valid):

Constraint | Description | Orthogonalization
-|-|-
Scattering angle | ??? | Unsuccessful
Helix diameter | Ensure the helix diameter is within some range | In progress
Impact parameters | Ensure the impact parameters are close to the collision point | In progress
Monotonic z<sup>1</sup> | Ensure that z increases or decreases monotonically between points | Full

<sup>1</sup> This check does not exist in the existing seed finder, check #901.

There are also constraints defined in the experiment-specific cuts, and the seed filter, and in other places. If we could convert some of those to orthogonal constraints the implementation would become much more powerful. However, I don't really understand what is happening in those files just yet. Need more reading.

## Current performance

The current performance of this seedfinder is... Complicated. On my machine, it runs a 4000 π<sup>+</sup> event in about 5 seconds, three times slower than the existing seedfinder. Its efficiency is much higher though, and the fake rate is much lower. So that's something. However, that is in part because I am creating far more seed candidates, so take this with a big grain of salt.

## Potential gain

There are two ways that I can think of to use this kind of algorithm. The first is an inside-to-outside algorithm, where we pick a lower spacepoint first, check the space it defines for a middle spacepoint, and then check the space the two of them define for a third spacepoint. This algorithm has time complexity 𝒪(_n_<sup>3</sup>), and it has space complexity 𝒪(_n_). Due to the constants, I still believe this implementation can outperform the 𝒪(_n_<sup>2</sup>) existing algorithm, however.

The second way would be to construct a set of duplets using this logic, and then to fit those together like we do with traditional seedfinding. This has 𝒪(_n_<sup>2</sup>) time complexity like the existing code, but also space complexity 𝒪(_n_<sup>2</sup>).

## Things that are completed

* The implementation of the _k_-d tree seems to work very well, and it is quite fast.
* Basic seedfinding using this strategy is functional.

## Things that don't work yet

* My maximum ∆φ constraint does not cross the 2π boundary yet.
* I used the existing seedfinding algorithm as a stepping stone, which I have completely destroyed in the process. Obviously I do not intend on keeping it that way, and the existing algorithm will be restored to its full glory.
* Lots more.

## Things that can be improved

* Add more constraints, and tighten existing ones.
* Lots of things, pretty much everything. But I really want to go home for the weekend, so I will write this part next week.

---
## [Foundation-19/Foundation-19](https://github.com/Foundation-19/Foundation-19)@[befabcec33...](https://github.com/Foundation-19/Foundation-19/commit/befabcec333347ce6b918d67d4c884b9e0dcefea)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 09:22:44 by TenameACAccount

more dcz changes yay (#548)

* Update site53-1.dmm

* fallout 5 on the byond engine

* fuck you box

Co-authored-by: UserU <37943518+User-U-U@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [sebastiansulinski/laminas-twitter](https://github.com/sebastiansulinski/laminas-twitter)@[31fd3a5a31...](https://github.com/sebastiansulinski/laminas-twitter/commit/31fd3a5a31f73128c098232b9a4a516d000bb180)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 09:52:49 by Michał Bundyra

Message against the war, in Russian and English

🇷🇺 Русским гражданам

Мы, участники Laminas, родились и живем в разных странах. У многих из нас есть друзья, родственники и коллеги как в России, так и в Украине. Некоторые из нас родились в России. Некоторые из нас живут в России. У некоторых бабушки и дедушки сражались с фашистами во Второй мировой войне. Здесь никто не поддерживает фашизм.

У одного из нас есть украинская родственница, которая спаслась из дома вместе с сыном. Поезд задержался из-за бомбежки на дороге впереди. У нас есть друзья, которые прячутся в бомбоубежищах. Мы с тревогой ждем весточки от них после воздушных налетов, которые беспорядочно наносят удары и попадают по больницам, школам, детским садам и домам. Мы не берем это из каких-либо СМИ. Мы наблюдаем это напрямую.

Вы доверяете нам достаточно, чтоб использовать наши программы, и мы просим вас довериться нам вновь. Мы нуждаемся в помощи. Выходите и протестуйте против этой бесполезной войны. Остановите кровопролитие. Скажите "Нет войне!"

🇺🇸 To Citizens of Russia

We at Laminas come from all over the world. Many of us have friends, family and colleagues in both Russia and Ukraine. Some of us were born in Russia. Some of us currently live in Russia. Some have grandparents who fought Nazis in World War II. Nobody here supports fascism.

One team member has a Ukrainian relative who fled her home with her son. The train was delayed due to bombing on the road ahead. We have friends who are hiding in bomb shelters. We anxiously follow up on them after the air raids, which indiscriminately fire at hospitals, schools, kindergartens and houses. Were not taking this from any media. These are our actual experiences.

You trust us enough to use our software. We ask that you trust us to say the truth on this. We need your help. Go out and protest this unnecessary war. Stop the bloodshed. Say "stop the war!"

Signed-off-by: Michał Bundyra <contact@webimpress.com>

---
## [DisturbHerb/goonstation](https://github.com/DisturbHerb/goonstation)@[e28026fddd...](https://github.com/DisturbHerb/goonstation/commit/e28026fddd44610b107b1c315397b6b242737fea)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 09:56:31 by DisturbHerb

what if it wasn't a string + renamed a few variables + fuck you global.dm + save file stuff

---
## [Miliviu/BeeStation-Hornet](https://github.com/Miliviu/BeeStation-Hornet)@[3249b4560b...](https://github.com/Miliviu/BeeStation-Hornet/commit/3249b4560b568fe762f2a695a6427bab7c56c649)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 10:12:24 by DrDuckedGoose

Lasso Fix (#7345)

* Merge https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet into annoying-thing Merge conflicts :)

* Initial - 23 7 22

- Doesn't allow dead mobs to be ridden
- Space walk is now specific to the mob

* Actually Fix It - 23 7 22

* Fuck - 23 7 22

- Fix being able to tame human
- Fix being able to tame the dead

* Update carp_lasso.dm

* You boys fucked buckle code - 23 7 22

* Update carp_lasso.dm

* Update riding.dm

* fix icon - 24 7 22

* Review Changes - 24 7 22

---
## [lyuha/together-bot](https://github.com/lyuha/together-bot)@[89ad31f1d4...](https://github.com/lyuha/together-bot/commit/89ad31f1d402625be396fc5a5d6fe17f7f863544)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 10:31:21 by wraithkim

뻑업, 퍼큐, 퍼킹 추가

- fuck up, fuck you, fucking의 한국 발음.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[039f856a84...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/039f856a84915d7699327c6faf7cc3e5a8a1f5c8)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 10:42:00 by Marko Grdinić

"8:15am. I am up earlier than expected today. I just can't play the interview cool. It has not affected me to the point where my sleep got worse, but it did end up making me wake earier. Well, let me read Kaiji and then I'll think what I will do today.

8:50am. I need to get started on something. Maybe an hour of studying Entity Framework until the interview starts. You don't get good at programming just by sitting on your ass.

9am. Let me start. I'll leave catching up to Ji Bai's story later.

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/data/ef-rp/intro?view=aspnetcore-6.0&tabs=visual-studio

Hopefully those cards won't take too long to arrive.

9:20am. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/data/ef-rp/intro?view=aspnetcore-6.0&tabs=visual-studio#add-the-database-exception-filter

What does this do?

9:25am. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/data/ef-rp/intro?view=aspnetcore-6.0&tabs=visual-studio#create-the-database

I seems it is in fact possible to use EF without having to use the migrations first.

9:40am. Had to take a break. Let me resume.

9:45am. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/data/ef-rp/intro?view=aspnetcore-6.0&tabs=visual-studio#view-the-database

So it is possible to view the database from VS?

> Use a SQLite tool to view the database schema and seeded data. The database file is named CU.db and is located in the project folder.

Is this using SQLite? I thought it was using some Microsoft local database. Let me backtrack.

```cs
if (!app.Environment.IsDevelopment())
{
    app.UseExceptionHandler("/Error");
    app.UseHsts();
}
else
{
    app.UseDeveloperExceptionPage();
    app.UseMigrationsEndPoint();
}
```

I really have no idea what the main functions in the app builder are supposed to be doing. I guess for ASP.NET and EF, I should get comfortable with copy pasting the core template.

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/data/ef-rp/intro?view=aspnetcore-6.0&tabs=visual-studio-code#database-connection-string

Oh wait. Is VS Code using a different database than the VS specific example?

That seems to be so.

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/data/ef-rp/intro?view=aspnetcore-6.0&tabs=visual-studio-code#database-connection-string

What is this scaffolding stuff?

10am. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/sql-server-express-localdb?view=sql-server-ver16

Maybe it would be worth getting this.

...There is something I'm worried about. Lately I've been getting 4chan SSL handshaking errors. And sometimes on Re;Library, I get a blank screen instead of it loading. This is making me wonder. One possibility is that the cloud services they are hosting on are under attack, but maybe something is wrong with my own browser.

Right now I am trying to log into TwilightScans and am getting some weird error.

> Your connection is not private
> Attackers might be trying to steal your information from twilightscans.com (for example, passwords, messages, or credit cards).
> twilightscans.com normally uses encryption to protect your information. When Chrome tried to connect to twilightscans.com this time, the website sent back unusual and incorrect credentials. This may happen when an attacker is trying to pretend to be twilightscans.com, or a Wi-Fi sign-in screen has interrupted the connection. Your information is still secure because Chrome stopped the connection before any data was exchanged.

This has never happened to me before.

This particular site does not matter, but I hope I won't get this problem when I try logging into the Zoom meeting. If I ended up flunking the interview because of this, I'll have to take action to prevent it happening in the future. Let me try opening that site in Edge. Same error.

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/data/ef-rp/intro?view=aspnetcore-6.0&tabs=visual-studio#scaffold-student-pages

It is really telling that in this series, the hardest part for me is dealing with the intro stuff. Getting all this to work takes so many weird steps and is so complicated that I could never figure it out on just my own. I can only get used to it.

10:10an. Since the interview is in 20m, my tension is too high to really focus on studying the Entity Framework.

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/blazor-server-ef-core?view=aspnetcore-6.0

There is a Blazor specific version of the tutorial.

> EF Core relies on a DbContext as the means to configure database access and act as a unit of work. EF Core provides the AddDbContext extension for ASP.NET Core apps that registers the context as a scoped service by default.

Oh, I see. I was wondering what the lifetime of the DbContext is, but it turns out it is not Singleton, but Scoped. That makes it much better.

10:15am. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/blazor-server-ef-core?view=aspnetcore-6.0#scope-to-the-component-lifetime

It is time to get ready. Let me read this and then I'll log into the meeting.

....Mhhhh. Let me test the camera.

10:20am. It works. Let me try logging in.

10:25a. Everything is order. Now I just have to wait 5m until the interview starts. How nerve wracking.

...Almost there. It is like an adventure. Who knows where I will end up in the end.

10:45am. That was really short. Basically, Kalepa is a startup trying to get into the insurance business. They have a finished product and are looking to expand its ML capabilities. My role would be a ML engineer doing NLP.

Interestingly, thanks to the strength of my resume I actually autopassed an initial HR screening. The recruiter was under the impression that I passed the HR assignment with full marks, but I wasn't even aware it existed.

The frontend is React, the backend in Python and the database they are using is PostegreSQL.

11am. I am just chilling a bit. I am looking the the Kalepa interview document I see the HR problem that I was supposed to do.

It is not baby tier like fizzbuzz, but it could be done with a sort followed by a fold operation. It would not be a problem for me.

You just have to break an array into subsequences and find the largest one. No problem.

The next challenge with Kalepa would be a technical phone interview.

///

2. Technical Phone interview
Duration: 1 hour
Type of interview: Live-coding task + general computer science (question-answer)
Goal: assess technical skills

///

This should be a bit fun.

///

3. Behavioral interview (Cultural fit)
Duration: 30 minutes
Type of interview: Behavioral interview (question-answer)
Goal: Understand candidates fit for Kalepa’s high-performance culture.

4. Second technical interview
Duration: 1 hour
Type of interview: Competency-based and behavioral interview (question-answer) System Design + Architecture
Goal: assess engineering candidates’ abilities in architecture and system design. Rest API, designing microservice architecture.

5. Second cultural fit interview
Duration: 30-45 minutes
Type of interview: Behavioral interview (question-answer)
Goal: understand candidates
Checked competencies: Fit for Kalepa’s high-performance culture.

6. Follow-up Conversation
Duration: 15 minutes
Type of interview: Behavioral interview (question-answer)
Interviewers: Paul Monasterio - Kalepa’s CEO
Goal: Fit for Kalepa’s high-performance culture. Answering any outstanding questions.

///

What was Kalepa's salary range again?

Salary range: $108k – $156k

Not that great unless I get the top of the range and even then it is kind of mediocre, near the bottom of my range.

Kalepa should be good practice for me. I doubt I'll flunk the second interview, but what about the other ones?

```
Type of interview: Behavioral interview (question-answer)
Goal: Understand candidates fit for Kalepa’s high-performance culture.
```

Hmmmm...I have no idea what is going to be at this stage.

```
Type of interview: Competency-based and behavioral interview (question-answer) System Design + Architecture
Goal: assess engineering candidates’ abilities in architecture and system design. Rest API, designing microservice architecture.
```

The stuff talked about by John Codes should come up here.

A lot of behavior interviews during this pipeline. if I am going to fail somewhere, it would be best if I failed at Kalepa and use the experience to improve.

Since I do not have any ideas, I'll try just nodding along through the interviews and saying what I think they want me to say.

- Tech stack: React + Redux, Python + pSQL, Docker, Jira

Interesting that they haven't mentioned which ML library they are using.

Also what is Jira?

https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira

I see. This is not that important. At any rate, I do not think I'll need my .NET skills for this.

11:25am. Forget Blazor and EF for now.

- Tech stack: React + Redux, Python + pSQL, Docker, Jira

Studying this should be my goal. I should get familiar with the Python backend and work my way from there.

I do not know when the technical interview with one of their engineers will be. I guess I'll have to wait until they get back to me.

What is the next one on my schedule?

Neurolabs: 11:15 am – 12:00 pm, Tuesday, July 26, 2022

I can expected these to talk a lot then. What is the company about?

Also, I am looking at my applications, and I think I see which one is I haven't gotten a word from. Alias. The 3d ML place. Since they haven't responded in so long, I am guessing they are busy with other candidates. I won't count this as a reject, but I won't expect anything from it either. Maybe they will keep my resume on file and get back to me in the future. Alan's pay is decent.

///

Senior Computer Vision Engineer
$80k – $140k • 0.5% – 1.0%
About the job
At Neurolabs, we want to help bridge the gap between academia and real world applications. We are engineers and scientists, building a platform for computer vision powered by synthetic data, helping with the automation of repetitive and non-value adding tasks, and in the process democratising access to computer vision solutions. We are a remote first company, with the team spread throughout Europe & UK.

///

It pays even worse than Kalepa. I'll treat this one just as practice and a back up plan.

11:40am. I am in a daze. I need to think what comes next. I really hate that I still do not have AWS access.

Here is what comes to mind - I'll watch that Database Scaling video by John Codes. After that I guess I'll do some Python backend practice.

The most annoying part of these database exercises is setting up and connecting the database to begin with. I'll want to get that out of the way and do some Python work. Come to think of it, how would a Python backend interface with React? I should find that out.

It does not really matter if I do not get a job at Kalepa. I'll want to spend this particular job hunt stage just getting familiar with the basics of full stack dev on various different platforms. Plenty of places use Python, so I should be able to reuse that knowledge. Being an expert in a particular tech stack would take a few months, but I want to get myself to the point where I can get myself up to speed quickly.

12:15pm. Did a little post on /twg/.

///

>>87871789 (You)
i've only had 1 interview that had something like that. all the interviews i've done follow this sorta structure
>intro meeting with someone about the company/role/expectations/etc
>either a take home tech task or screenshare programming session
>follow up interview with feedback about the previous one
>then job offer/rejection
the behavioural interview was done after the tech competency one and it was just all the bullshit cookie cutter questions so you can imagine it might be something like
>tell us about how you work effectively in a team
>if you don't know how to do something on the job, how would you go about learning it
>what is your proudest coding accomplishment
>what is something interesting you've recently learned
>what major projects have you recently contributed to
>how do you handle disagreements on the job
>what makes a job fun for you
i get that a large part of work is communicating effectively but at the same time, interviews like that are just a glorious waste of time. for tech jobs specifically, the best you can ascertain is if someone can actually code or not and knows what they are talking about but i don't think you can get an accurate character judgement of someone in such a short space of time.
also you probably can not skate by nodding along and half heartedly answering these type of questions. you will probably get filtered for not having """passion""" for the role

///

This gives me something to think about.

12:25pm. I am still thinking about it. There actually isn't a straightforward Lawful Good route you could take here.

>what makes a job fun for you

Take this for example. What exactly am I supposed to day here? If I am asked something like this, the best I could say is meeting goals I set for myself is fun. That is the most diplomatic answer I could think of.

12:30pm. Let me take a break here.

Today will be thinking day. I'll go over the above questions, try to gather some more, and try writing down the answers. That will become my game plan for these behavioral interviews.

12:40pm. Breakfast. Let me commit here."

---
## [ARF-SS13/coyote-bayou](https://github.com/ARF-SS13/coyote-bayou)@[eab43e488d...](https://github.com/ARF-SS13/coyote-bayou/commit/eab43e488d564b0f079d7b0694afac1adb05c907)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 13:53:47 by Marrone

Loadout Update

General Description: This PR updates several loadouts for followers, wastelanders, far-landers, and the Redwater faction.

FOLLOWERS CHANGES

STARTING TEXT
- Starting text, including Description, Enforces and Forbids, have been edited to reflect the standard the server wants to see and has also omitted references to NCR and the Legion.
- For Admin and Guard there is slightly different text to match their job descriptions.

LOADOUTS

- Removed CHEMWIZ trait which somehow fixed them not having CHEMWHIZ
- Professors now have Loadouts, two robust options which provide new machine boards to the Followers when they join as part of their loadout. The two loadouts are Environmental Scientist who has hydroponic boards, and Medical Specialist who has a blood bank.

- Specialists have some tweaks to make Medical Researcher more robust by adding a Bluespace syringe and an advanced health analyzer to their loadout.

- Randomly it seems the Volunteer loadout which has tools and construction stuff, had a chemist PDA. This has been removed and now the weakest loadout, the Student, has a PDA.

- Followers Guard had a tweak, the long range loadout has a scope, and the shotgun for the short range loadout has been changed to a police shotgun which is more inline with the aesthetic, and starts with bean bag rounds - though its total capacity is 6 as opposed to the previous 4.

These changes are intended to bring more value and encourage more players to participate in these roles. If you have any suggestions for additions, changes or subtractions let me know in the comments.

WASTELANDER CHANGES

LOADOUTS

Several additions and tweaks have been done to the Wastelander loadouts in order to properly reflect a myriad of playstyles.

- Small changes include, changing a welding helmet to welding goggles, adding extra magazines where there was only 1, tweaking the settler loadout to be more settler-y by giving them glass instead of wood, giving them a more melee focused build that resemble tools, and adding seeds to their loadout.  The Wasteland Medic has been tuned down with salts and surgery bag removed, and the Vaultie has lost their headset radio.

- 10 new Wastelander loadouts have been added, the Gambler which has a lot of interesting RP items, the Vaquero which allows players to explore another aesthetic in-line with the South West, the Hobo loadout for those who want a challenge, the Hombre loadout to replace the desert ranger one so it is more in-line with our current lore and to get away from New Vegas, Ex-Military for those who want to LARP as a soldier or mercenary, a brand new Brotherhood of Steel waster loadout that does not have grenades and is more balanced with other waster loadouts, Eidelon loadout for those who wish to be sneaky and slightly Russian if they so wish, the Aviator loadout to allow players some options to have that air pilot aesthetic, the Trapper loadout for that CLASSIC CLASSIC Fallout experience, and finally the Trouper loadout for all of the bottoms out there.

FAR-LANDER CHANGES

- I have created a whole new set of traits and it took a lot of work, having to do multiple things seven times over and over to make a book that allows you to pick from a list a traitbook which makes it so you can craft one of the seven different former tribes armor and garments. Rejoice!

- The loadouts for Far-Landers have been reduced from 21-3 to 5. To those who wish for aesthetic or loadout options which have been omitted from this decision, let me know and I can tweak some things or add another class since I removed a lot, but they must be more generalized so that specific tribes arent tied to actual loadout options.

REDWATER CHANGES

- Redwater Slave, my favourite job, no longer has explosive collars; they are now shock collars. Aww man, I wanted to be round ended.

- A whole new job was added called Redwater Resident. They will be in charge of supervising and protecting Redwater, and act as inhabitants of the town; they may travel outside of the town to gather materials but otherwise should be staying in the area and around town. They are equipped in quite a robust manner, so anyone who dares to battle the town better be geared to the teeth.

- The Overboss keeps spawning in Nash naked. I fixed this. They now have clothes, and also spawn in Redwater.

---
## [SamarV-121/android_kernel_samsung_universal7904](https://github.com/SamarV-121/android_kernel_samsung_universal7904)@[647805856c...](https://github.com/SamarV-121/android_kernel_samsung_universal7904/commit/647805856c3010a000f5a469a2174be9f345cb5c)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 13:56:52 by Maciej Żenczykowski

FROMGIT: bpf: Do not change gso_size during bpf_skb_change_proto()

This is technically a backwards incompatible change in behaviour, but I'm
going to argue that it is very unlikely to break things, and likely to fix
*far* more then it breaks.

In no particular order, various reasons follow:

(a) I've long had a bug assigned to myself to debug a super rare kernel crash
on Android Pixel phones which can (per stacktrace) be traced back to BPF clat
IPv6 to IPv4 protocol conversion causing some sort of ugly failure much later
on during transmit deep in the GSO engine, AFAICT precisely because of this
change to gso_size, though I've never been able to manually reproduce it. I
believe it may be related to the particular network offload support of attached
USB ethernet dongle being used for tethering off of an IPv6-only cellular
connection. The reason might be we end up with more segments than max permitted,
or with a GSO packet with only one segment... (either way we break some
assumption and hit a BUG_ON)

(b) There is no check that the gso_size is > 20 when reducing it by 20, so we
might end up with a negative (or underflowing) gso_size or a gso_size of 0.
This can't possibly be good. Indeed this is probably somehow exploitable (or
at least can result in a kernel crash) by delivering crafted packets and perhaps
triggering an infinite loop or a divide by zero... As a reminder: gso_size (MSS)
is related to MTU, but not directly derived from it: gso_size/MSS may be
significantly smaller then one would get by deriving from local MTU. And on
some NICs (which do loose MTU checking on receive, it may even potentially be
larger, for example my work pc with 1500 MTU can receive 1520 byte frames [and
sometimes does due to bugs in a vendor plat46 implementation]). Indeed even just
going from 21 to 1 is potentially problematic because it increases the number
of segments by a factor of 21 (think DoS, or some other crash due to too many
segments).

(c) It's always safe to not increase the gso_size, because it doesn't result in
the max packet size increasing.  So the skb_increase_gso_size() call was always
unnecessary for correctness (and outright undesirable, see later). As such the
only part which is potentially dangerous (ie. could cause backwards compatibility
issues) is the removal of the skb_decrease_gso_size() call.

(d) If the packets are ultimately destined to the local device, then there is
absolutely no benefit to playing around with gso_size. It only matters if the
packets will egress the device. ie. we're either forwarding, or transmitting
from the device.

(e) This logic only triggers for packets which are GSO. It does not trigger for
skbs which are not GSO. It will not convert a non-GSO MTU sized packet into a
GSO packet (and you don't even know what the MTU is, so you can't even fix it).
As such your transmit path must *already* be able to handle an MTU 20 bytes
larger then your receive path (for IPv4 to IPv6 translation) - and indeed 28
bytes larger due to IPv4 fragments. Thus removing the skb_decrease_gso_size()
call doesn't actually increase the size of the packets your transmit side must
be able to handle. ie. to handle non-GSO max-MTU packets, the IPv4/IPv6 device/
route MTUs must already be set correctly. Since for example with an IPv4 egress
MTU of 1500, IPv4 to IPv6 translation will already build 1520 byte IPv6 frames,
so you need a 1520 byte device MTU. This means if your IPv6 device's egress
MTU is 1280, your IPv4 route must be 1260 (and actually 1252, because of the
need to handle fragments). This is to handle normal non-GSO packets. Thus the
reduction is simply not needed for GSO packets, because when they're correctly
built, they will already be the right size.

(f) TSO/GSO should be able to exactly undo GRO: the number of packets (TCP
segments) should not be modified, so that TCP's MSS counting works correctly
(this matters for congestion control). If protocol conversion changes the
gso_size, then the number of TCP segments may increase or decrease. Packet loss
after protocol conversion can result in partial loss of MSS segments that the
sender sent. How's the sending TCP stack going to react to receiving ACKs/SACKs
in the middle of the segments it sent?

(g) skb_{decrease,increase}_gso_size() are already no-ops for GSO_BY_FRAGS
case (besides triggering WARN_ON_ONCE). This means you already cannot guarantee
that gso_size (and thus resulting packet MTU) is changed. ie. you must assume
it won't be changed.

(h) changing gso_size is outright buggy for UDP GSO packets, where framing
matters (I believe that's also the case for SCTP, but it's already excluded
by [g]).  So the only remaining case is TCP, which also doesn't want it
(see [f]).

(i) see also the reasoning on the previous attempt at fixing this
(commit fa7b83bf3b156c767f3e4a25bbf3817b08f3ff8e) which shows that the current
behaviour causes TCP packet loss:

  In the forwarding path GRO -> BPF 6 to 4 -> GSO for TCP traffic, the
  coalesced packet payload can be > MSS, but < MSS + 20.

  bpf_skb_proto_6_to_4() will upgrade the MSS and it can be > the payload
  length. After then tcp_gso_segment checks for the payload length if it
  is <= MSS. The condition is causing the packet to be dropped.

  tcp_gso_segment():
    [...]
    mss = skb_shinfo(skb)->gso_size;
    if (unlikely(skb->len <= mss)) goto out;
    [...]

Thus changing the gso_size is simply a very bad idea. Increasing is unnecessary
and buggy, and decreasing can go negative.

Fixes: 6578171a7ff0 ("bpf: add bpf_skb_change_proto helper")
Signed-off-by: Daniel Borkmann <daniel@iogearbox.net>
Cc: Dongseok Yi <dseok.yi@samsung.com>
Cc: Willem de Bruijn <willemb@google.com>
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/bpf/CANP3RGfjLikQ6dg=YpBU0OeHvyv7JOki7CyOUS9modaXAi-9vQ@mail.gmail.com
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/bpf/20210617000953.2787453-2-zenczykowski@gmail.com

(cherry picked from commit 364745fbe981a4370f50274475da4675661104df https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/bpf/bpf-next.git/commit/?id=364745fbe981a4370f50274475da4675661104df )
Test: builds, TreeHugger
Bug: 158835517
Bug: 188690383
Signed-off-by: Maciej Żenczykowski <maze@google.com>
Change-Id: I0ef3174cbd3caaa42d5779334a9c0bfdc9ab81f5

---
## [jovialcore/explore-school-mgt](https://github.com/jovialcore/explore-school-mgt)@[b1477bd214...](https://github.com/jovialcore/explore-school-mgt/commit/b1477bd214398d07ca7ed4e885c9383f3286d514)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 14:40:59 by mimigraphy20

now a more perfect code that I have written by the grace of God..when I thought I was close but alas, I solved it..this time the code list the subjects...it took quite some workflow to arrive here...cheers to more amazing things....the more you spend time with stuff the better you are at it..not your fault but the challenges makse you and alwasy not that nothing is impossible

---
## [chadvandy/nagash](https://github.com/chadvandy/nagash)@[b3cd88505a...](https://github.com/chadvandy/nagash/commit/b3cd88505a11d2886e929e7f71190591e67cfd9e)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 14:53:19 by Scott (JvJ)

Eco changes and additional tweaks and fixes

- removed tomb guard/halberds from subhorde T3 war beast chain
- small growth tweaks across the board for hordes
- settlements +15 base growth, should help to compensate from the lack of province growth from T2/T3 settlements
- settlement major main chain income increased 10/15/20/25 % increase per tier (mostly effects special settlements because growth) T1 income remains the same
- settlement minor main chain income +25
- settlement income chain now 150/250/400, removed movement buff, local upkeep reduction 10/20/30
- horde BP/Mort/Sub horde Industry chain added a base 50 to all tiers
- control outpost chain effect now province wide, removed LD debuff, enemy forces start winded (hopefully will push less reliance on the income chain)
- corruption outpost chain now gives a small but spooky garrison
- arkhan staff no longer gives PO bonuses
- husk dark conduit skill now correctly gives +2 horde growth
- husk innate now gives additional growth
- fixed dodgy building chain slot unlock (left over from a previous attempt at being clever)
- removed loc references to dodgy building chain slot unlocks
- added references to spirit hosts and fell spectres for the ancient terrors red line skill loc.
- wight king/vampire/gunnery wight mounts now correctly applied
- fixed capacity issue with wight kings and tomb princes
- fixed krell anc typo
- fixed hidden movement modifiers for nagashizzar
- re-evaluated lahmia ghoul upkeep reduction to co-exist with the 50% reduction tech (no longer -100% at T5 gives -40% which = to 90% with the tech)
- spirit hosts/bone golems/spectres/necro knights/hexwraiths now take 2 turns to recruit

---
## [just-the-docs/just-the-docs](https://github.com/just-the-docs/just-the-docs)@[c2ec3d89c2...](https://github.com/just-the-docs/just-the-docs/commit/c2ec3d89c2aa4734c2c7f743a5d0c1c0be08ece0)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 16:18:18 by Matt Wang

Update Stylelint to v14, extend SCSS plugins, remove primer-* configs, resolve issues (#821)

This is a catch-all PR that modernizes and updates our Stylelint config, and resolves all open issues. This is a pretty big change - so I want to update all of our related dependencies in lockstep.

In particular, this PR

- [x] updates stylelint to `v14`
- [x] adds in the standard stylelint config for SCSS (`stylelint-config-standard-scss`)
- [x] swaps out `stylelint-config-prettier` for `stylelint-config-prettier-scss`
- [x] ~~properly update `@primer`-related plugins:~~ completely remove `primer` from our configuration
- [x] autofix, manually resolve, or disable all newly-introduced lint errors; **I've avoided manually resolving errors that would be a behavioural change**
- [x] re-runs `npm run format`

See the "next steps" section on some extra thoughts on disabling errors.

(implicitly, I'm also using node 16/the new package-lock format).

### disabling rules and next steps

I've introduced several new disabled rules. Let me quickly explain what's going on; there are two categories of rules I've disabled:

1. rules that were temporary disables; they were frequent enough that I couldn't manually resolve them, but should be simple. **I plan on opening issues to re-enable each of these rules**, just after this PR
    - `declaration-block-no-redundant-longhand-properties`: this is just tedious and error-prone
    - `no-descending-specificity`: this one is tricky since it could have impacts on the cascade (though that seems unlikely)
    - `scss/no-global-function-names`: I think we need to [import map and then use `map.get`](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64210390/sass-map-get-doesnt-work-map-get-does-what-gives), but I'll leave this as out of scope for now
2. rules that are long-term disables; due to the SASS-based nature of our theme, I think we'll keep these in limbo
    - `alpha-value-notation` causes problems with SASS using the `modern` syntax - literals like `50%` are not properly interpolated, and they cause formatting issues on the site
    - `color-function-notation` also causes problems with SASS, but in this case the `modern` syntax breaks SASS compilation; we're not alone (see this [SO post](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/71805735/error-function-rgb-is-missing-argument-green-in-sass)). 

In addition, we have many inline `stylelint-disable` comments. I'd open a separate issue to audit them, especially since I think some disables are unnecessary.

### on Primer 

**note: there hasn't been much other discussion, so I'm going to remove primer's stylelint config.**

If I do add `@primer/stylelint-config`, I get *a ton* of errors about now using `@primer`'s in-built SCSS variables. I imagine that we probably won't want to use these presets (though I could be wrong). In that case, I think we could either:

1. disable all of those rules
4. not use `@primer/stylelint-config`, since we're not actually using primer, and shift back to the standard SCSS config provided by Stylelint

~~Any thoughts here? I also don't have the original context as to why we do use the primer rules, perhaps @pmarsceill can chime in?~~

---
## [WackyCreations/tgstation](https://github.com/WackyCreations/tgstation)@[9428d97a4f...](https://github.com/WackyCreations/tgstation/commit/9428d97a4fadf8a486b0c6fbe2ee345a2780e687)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 16:25:31 by Imaginos16

[MDB IGNORE] The Tilening V2 - Damaged Tile Overlays Edition (#67761)


About The Pull Request

Hello once more! As we near summer, I continued to reminisce on several PRs done throughout last year! One of them was the controversial, but rather positive Tilening V1, as done by me and Twaticus a while back (#58932), and felt I could've done a better job with how it was presented.

And thus, thanks to @Fikou encouraging me with a very interesting find of a previous tile resprite attempt, I've successfully done it!

Ladies and Gentlemen, I present to you all, Tilening Version Two!
image

Now this isn't your run of the mill tile resprite. While I did improve the appearance of several tiles I haven't touched last time (including the showroom/freezer tiles now), I decided to do something special that most mappers shall appreciate!

Don't you hate it when of all damaged states, there's only ones for grey tiles when we have white, black, terracotta and a bunch of other materials? Don't you wish they were overlays instead?

Well golly gee do I have good news for you!
image
image

After painstakingly spending at least several hours trying to learn enough code to pull it off, I have successfully made it so most tiles display transparent versions of damage overlays over them! This means mappers can express their creativity that much better! And thanks to how the code is written, its super easy to snowflake certain tile types to make them use unique damaged states (looking at you wooden tiles), so fret not in that aspect.

Credits to:
@WJohn For actually making those damaged overlays! Wouldn't've done the PR if it wasn't for you.
@dragomagol, @RigglePrime and @LemonInTheDark for helping me out in a VC at 10 PM to 12 AM troubleshooting the code to make this improvement work!
Why It's Good For The Game

The shading is done better as compared to last time, making them feel more cubical and less like a pancake when seen from above! This PR also makes it so that we never ever have to touch damaged tiles ever again potentially, saving up some RSC regarding icons.

However, due to how damaged tiles are currently mapped in, rather than overlayed as I envision in the future, it'll require a PR by San to be merged later that should make it safe to remove these icons.
Changelog

cl PositiveEntropy, WJohnston, Dragomagol, LemonInTheDark, Riggle
imageadd: Resprites most variety of tiles into a better shaded version!
code: Damaged floors are now damaged overlays, meaning that most tiles should properly display a damaged state!
/cl

---
## [jakeb072001/TerraMine](https://github.com/jakeb072001/TerraMine)@[bb1884fa29...](https://github.com/jakeb072001/TerraMine/commit/bb1884fa292a386d965132b5589b3aa01fc6ba15)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 16:46:44 by jakeb072001

Added Eater of Souls (still wip, works like the demon eyes right now but won't fly away during the day).
Eater of Souls now spawns in the Corruption biomes (vanilla mobs will no longer spawn in Corruption biomes, this may change).

Fixed flickering on Demon Eyes veins (The Eater of Souls also had flickering, so I fixed it)

Added more Creative mode tabs.

Did some organising, just makes things easier to find.

The Eater of Souls probably doesn't need much changing, I'm not sure about the model but my modelling skills aren't great, so it will do for now. After that's done I want to try and make the Devourer, have to find a way to connect multiple entities together for that. Then I want to try and get the Eye of Cthulhu and Eater of Worlds done, both shouldn't be too difficult I hope.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[73c869a535...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/73c869a535ac21039ab2598ad4d1ddf148b333dc)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 17:00:15 by Marko Grdinić

"1:20pm. I am borderline tech illiterate when it comes to mobile phones. I have no idea how to change those weekdays at the bottom of the alarm items. I'll have to remember to ask my dad about it.

Let me watch Luminous Witches here and then I'll do some studying. I've gotten tricked. I thought that ASP.NET + EF would be something big, but the main problem was exactly what I had in 2020. The parts that are the setup are so magical that there is no chance of figuring out what they are supposed to be doing by reading them.

2:20pm. I am brain smashed. Let me finish chilling and then I will get started on my next goal. I'll watch the database scaling video, and then start on a Python backend course.

2:35pm. Let me start. Let me hunt that video down. I think that with Blazor I am mostly fine now. I'll be able to reuse my experience when studying other frameworks so there is no need to fret about it.

https://youtu.be/qjsuOUXxD64?list=PLAWxBXefx3-nXeXrv9yX8cKn57Spf3VTr
System design interview: Database Scaling

Let me cover this. Then it is Python time.

2:55pm. https://youtu.be/qjsuOUXxD64?list=PLAWxBXefx3-nXeXrv9yX8cKn57Spf3VTr&t=505

Hmm, I see. So this is just for reliability then?

https://youtu.be/qjsuOUXxD64?list=PLAWxBXefx3-nXeXrv9yX8cKn57Spf3VTr&t=1263
> Saas, you could just give somebody money to do this for you.

Kek.

> You could scale something really well on AWS, but you are going to pay an arm and a leg for the public cloud. Just a consideration.

3:10pm. Oh the bank cards have arrived! Finally! I should have checked the mail box myself, they have probably been sitting there for a couple of hours now. Silly me. Also dad showed me how to set the alarm properly. Great.

https://www.themuse.com/advice/behavioral-interview-questions-answers-examples

I'll leave this for later.

3:15pm. Let me just finish the video, there are only a few minutes left and then I'll unbox the cards and register for AWS.

...Oh it is done. I was literally at the end. Great. Time to do some cleaning.

3:25pm. Right now I am looking at how to activate the card. I understand the instructions. Let me just do it. The only thing I don't know is how to send an SMS. Let me ask the resident expert.

3:55pm. I finally have the card pins. Now what I have to do is login to George and activate them. I just realized, even if I got the cards earlier, no way would I be able to send the SMS on my own. Even my dad had to switch mobile cards in order to do it.

4:15pm. Ah, I figured it out. Once I click on my bank account, I see there is a bank cards tab on the side.

4:20pm. Phew, I can finally register for AWS. Let me do that and then I can start practicing for real. Whether it be web apps or whatever, there is no point unless I can put them on the cloud.

4:25pm. I put in the card number, but now I have to wait for the notification to arrive at my mobile device, then confirm it, then I can move forward with AWS. Just why is it taking so long?

4:30pm. I am still waiting for it.

...Is a push notification something different from an SMS?

https://vwo.com/push-notifications/

> Push notification alerts can be displayed in three locations on your phone—lock screen, banner, and notification center, when the app user opts-in for messages. While Android has a default setting of opt-in and manual opt-out users, iOS does not allow apps to send notifications to users until they agree to receive messages. Mobile app push notifications, like desktop push notifications, are fairly difficult to create when compared to web push notifications and require developer help to be built.

4:40pm. Nope, I am not getting the confirmation request. Just now I tried continuing and it failed.

Damn it. Let me try logging into George.

4:50pm. Fuck! What am I supposed to do here!?

I need to get some kind of notification from the bank in order to register on AWS, but that notification is not coming!

I don't know, should I try calling the bank and asking about it? Let me do it.

4:55pm. Dick. I called the bank and the host told me that most likely I need the mobile George application in order to confirm the payment. Can I register for it over the internet?

5pm. A week ago while I was in the bank, the teller asked me whether I want to get the mobile version and my answer was that I don't because I don't know how to use my mobile phone.

https://www.erstebank.hr/hr/george

Aparently I can activate it with a short video call after getting it off Google Store.

Mhhh, this is so annoying!

It seems before I study distributed ML training, I should learn how to use my mobile phone. It is not my own mobile though which is why I had zero interest in it up to now.

There is no helping it. I could get my father to assist me, but right now he is in dream land and I do not want to disturb him.

Let me take a bath here.

Nevermind this for now. Annoyances like this are commonplace when trying to do something new.

5:05pm. This particular step I could manage of my own. But the mobile phone's battery really drains fast and I do not have a charger for it. This demotivates me, but I should be able to afford an hour or two of playing on it, this should be enough time to needle dad into finding the charger and to give me a hand if I still haven't figure it out myself by then.

The first step is probably to figure out how to surf the internet on the mobile. After that I can go to the web page and try getting the application. Then I should be able to register for George mobile.

Let me take a bath first. It is so damn hot in here. 35C.

6pm. I am much refreshed. Let me give this mobile a try.

I gave it a try. I managed to navigate my way to the page I linked to, but none of the icons are showing up. Is the mobile browser out of date? I am going to need my dad's help for this after all. This is much be how normies feel when they have to use the computer.

Nevermind, I do not feel like messing with this anymore for the day. I'll get the registration for AWS done tomorrow. Let me have lunch here.

6:20pm. I messed with it a bit more. My dad's conclussion is that the mobile I have is simply too old. What he will do is a get a new one for me. After that I'll be able to get George mobile. Hopefully that is what the issue is otherwise I'll have wasted money for no reason. What a huge useless hassle.

It feels you can't do anything without a mobile in this day and age.

I really couldn't have anticipated something like this.

But things like this do happen when trying out new things. I'll have to get with the times.

I do not think it will be a waste even if that does not turn out to be the right issue. Having my own mobile will be incentive to learn how to use it. And I will need it for the jobs. Maybe there will be something like a power outage, so my employer will need a reserve way to contact me and myself to inform him.

6:30pm. I can be sure that now that I have the accounts and the cards for them, I am a step closer to entering the real world.

Tomorrow, my goal will be to get familiar with Python + pSQL.

The actual frameworks themselves aren't a big deal. My ASP.NET and Blazor experience shows, that the main complexity I keep getting perplexed by are databases. In the .NET context, I am still not completely sure how to handle the DbContext in the face of concurrency. I do not have a grasp on what is safe and isn't.

I think that now I know well enough how to build them and connect to them. The steps are quite awkward, but I got used to it.

The way to go further would be to get familiar with migrations and various other features.

If I get a job from Kalepa, I'll need to access their databases in order to get the data from which to train ML models. So I do need some minimal pSQL knowledge, cloud or no cloud. This is what I am lacking and what I should cultivate. I do not need to know how to make a web server for the job I am applying to, but I will need to script database accesses.

6:55pm. Done with lunch. Going from the AC'd living room where it is nice and cool back to here in my room where it is like a sauna is quite the experience. Next year, I'll stop being so cheap and get the AC.

I am done for the day here. Let me play some Pathfinder Kingmaker. Luminous Witches ep 4 is out too."

---
## [ciuckc/push_swap](https://github.com/ciuckc/push_swap)@[d8e2ed7b09...](https://github.com/ciuckc/push_swap/commit/d8e2ed7b09700edc6aad6cf138d4de9da4dd360e)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 19:24:31 by scristia

fixed my add_back function, i was so stupid completly forgot to test it, god I am so mad. Anyway. ADDED: a nice instruction jump table, this time i tested the hell out of it, all good

---
## [AdvancedProgrammingSUT2022/project-group-04](https://github.com/AdvancedProgrammingSUT2022/project-group-04)@[dc15efe4a2...](https://github.com/AdvancedProgrammingSUT2022/project-group-04/commit/dc15efe4a2231cc0a5f0bd3fbe2c0172bebff754)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 20:26:09 by AlirezaRM

there's no time for us. there's no place for us. what is this thing that builds our dreams yet slips away from us. who wants to live forever who wants to live forever oh ooo oh there's no chance for us. It's all decided for us. This world has only one sweet moment aside for us. Who wants to live forever who wants to live forever ooh. Who dares to love forever oh oo woh, When love must die. But touch my tears with your lips. Touch my world with your fingertips And we can have forever And we can love forever ----- FOREVER IS OUR TODAY ----

---
## [mosra/corrade](https://github.com/mosra/corrade)@[12d6d178e3...](https://github.com/mosra/corrade/commit/12d6d178e3bb162ed296119c31ba921fe61a42e9)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 20:26:27 by Vladimír Vondruš

Cpu: give up on extra instruction sets on GCC 4.8.

I was happy when I realized that if I enable a single target and then
include an intrinsics header, the instruction set is then not tied to
other targets enabled at the same time. I.e., if I do

    #pragma GCC push_options
    #pragma GCC target("avx")
    #include <immintrin.h>
    #pragma GCC pop_options

    #pragma GCC push_options
    #pragma GCC target("lzcnt")
    #include <lzcntintrin.h>
    #pragma GCC pop_options

(plus the __AVX__ and __LZCNT__ macro push/pop of course) instead of

    #pragma GCC push_options
    #pragma GCC target("avx")
    #pragma GCC target("lzcnt")
    #include <immintrin.h> // also grabs LZCNT
    #pragma GCC pop_options

then I can use LZCNT without having to enable AVX as well. What I didn't
know back then was that on GCC 4.8 this works the other way as well --
so now I cannot use LZCNT together with AVX, because the compiler
somehow remembers that LZCNT can be used only if target is EXACTLY what
was used at the point when the intrinsics header was included, instead
of if it just CONTAINS that. Haha. Which makes it pretty useless in
practice, since e.g. the String additions I have use LZCNT / TZCNT with
either SSE2 or AVX2. Since SSE2 is implicit, that worked, but as soon I
got to the AVX code path, it no longer did, failing with a linker error.

The commit that makes all this unnecessary on GCC 4.9 is mostly just
header updates, but also two minor code changes, and those changes seem
to be *essential* for this to work. Meaning, I just have no way to make
my use case work with GCC 4.8:
https://github.com/gcc-mirror/gcc/commit/97db2bf7fb10e7eb2e8224e0471b56976f133843

While I could work around this with nasty ifdefs in user code, I feel
like the more robust way is to just not have the CORRADE_ENABLE_ macros
for the extra instruction sets there at all, thus avoiding any further
suffering right from the start. For the "base" instruction sets it seems
fine so far, most probably because there's some inheritance / dependency
between them. I hope I wouldn't need to drop those too.

---
## [LoliconSlayer/Yogstation](https://github.com/LoliconSlayer/Yogstation)@[b26f9f03e0...](https://github.com/LoliconSlayer/Yogstation/commit/b26f9f03e00ded330c6bc2e0efa54aec0f8500cb)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 20:47:49 by Vaelophis Nyx

Makes donkpocket boxes on Box station into random spawners (#14822)

* Makes donk pockets station wide into random spawners

also adds a pile of donkpocket boxes to sec's back room and gives them a microwave

* reduced quanitity of donkpockets in sec by 4 boxes

* adds randodonks to the box mining base

* another commit I fundamentally disagree with

* reduces # of donk boxes in all kitchen variants

kill me

* microwave & gun/bomb swap

* fuck you byond map code

* fixes it. again.

---
## [gitster/git](https://github.com/gitster/git)@[3d2f96a930...](https://github.com/gitster/git/commit/3d2f96a930d8ba68326260289a3d5511560281ce)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 21:00:52 by brian m. carlson

builtin/stash: provide a way to export stashes to a ref

A common user problem is how to sync in-progress work to another
machine.  Users currently must use some sort of transfer of the working
tree, which poses security risks and also necessarily causes the index
to become dirty.  The experience is suboptimal and frustrating for
users.

A reasonable idea is to use the stash for this purpose, but the stash is
stored in the reflog, not in a ref, and as such it cannot be pushed or
pulled.  This also means that it cannot be saved into a bundle or
preserved elsewhere, which is a problem when using throwaway development
environments.

Let's solve this problem by allowing the user to export the stash to a
ref (or, to just write it into the repository and print the hash, à la
git commit-tree).  Introduce git stash export, which writes a chain of
commits where the first parent is always a chain to the previous stash,
or to a single, empty commit (for the final item) and the second is the
stash commit normally written to the reflog.

Iterate over each stash from topmost to bottomost, looking up the data
for each one, and then create the chain from the single empty commit
back up in reverse order.  Generate a predictable empty commit so our
behavior is reproducible.  Create a useful commit message, preserving
the author and committer information, to help users identify stash
commits when viewing them as normal commits.

If the user has specified specific stashes they'd like to export
instead, use those instead of iterating over all of the stashes.

As part of this, specifically request quiet behavior when looking up the
OID for a revision because we will eventually hit a revision that
doesn't exist and we don't want to die when that occurs.

Signed-off-by: brian m. carlson <sandals@crustytoothpaste.net>
Signed-off-by: Junio C Hamano <gitster@pobox.com>

---
## [tetedecactus/pool_cpp](https://github.com/tetedecactus/pool_cpp)@[01fbe8f5df...](https://github.com/tetedecactus/pool_cpp/commit/01fbe8f5df0f2a17faa85069b3486718c5473114)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 21:13:19 by Olivier Labrecque-lacasse

fucking fucking cpp of shit i hate that shitty shit

---
## [TheSystemGuy1337/InsaneAircraftRules](https://github.com/TheSystemGuy1337/InsaneAircraftRules)@[1b388f2467...](https://github.com/TheSystemGuy1337/InsaneAircraftRules/commit/1b388f24673d73ce599464cf4857dd37d6358edd)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 21:54:29 by TheSystemGuy1337

Update airplanerules.txt

Fuck you, Baltimore!

If you're dumb enough to buy a new car this weekend,
You're a big enough schmuck to come to Big Bill Hell's Cars!

Bad deals! Cars that break down! Theives!

If you think you're gonna find a bargain at Big Bills,
You can kiss my ass!

It's our belief that you're such a stupid motherfucker you'll fall for this bullshit
Guaranteed!

If you find a better deal,
Shove it up your ugly ass!
You heard us right,
Shove it up your ugly ass!

Bring your tray! Bring your time! Bring your wife!
We'll fuck her!
That's right!
We'll fuck your wife!
Because at Big Bills Hells, you're about six ways from Sunday!

Take our height to Big Bill Hells
Home of Challenge Pissing!
That's right!
Challenge Pissing!
How does it work?
If you can piss six feet into the air straight up and not get wet, you get no downpayment

Don't wait,
Don't delay,
Don't fuck with us!
Or we will rip your nuts off!

Only at Big Bill Hells!
The only dealer that tells you to fuck off!

Hurry up asshole!
This event is the minute after you write us a check!
And it better not bounce or you're a dead motherfucker!

Go to hell!

Big Bill Hell's Cars, Baltimore's filthiest, and exclusive home of the meanest sons-of-bitches in the state of Maryland!

Guaranteed!

---
## [niftynei/lightning](https://github.com/niftynei/lightning)@[e1ba464eeb...](https://github.com/niftynei/lightning/commit/e1ba464eeb9e13a4b43a255f6bf105732cf64053)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 22:07:41 by niftynei

bkpr: add journal entry for offset account balances; report listbalances

When the node starts up, it records missing/updated account balances
to the 'channel' events... which is kinda fucked for wallet + external
events now that i think about it but these are all treated the same
anyway so it's fine.

This is the magic piece that lets your bookkeeping data startup ok on an
already running/established node.

---
## [surge-synthesizer/shortcircuit-xt](https://github.com/surge-synthesizer/shortcircuit-xt)@[03f420b560...](https://github.com/surge-synthesizer/shortcircuit-xt/commit/03f420b5604199877ba44d01dd681cb409c55557)
#### Monday 2022-07-25 22:50:37 by Paul

Beginning a path to engine cleanup (#297)

The engine was ported and working, but the code had never really
been visited, analyzed, cleaned up, etc... and that's kinda what
I want to do this week. Start by deleting some distracting stuff
which was unused and cleaning up some of the expedient hacks
from the very first port, including the windows compat layer in 
favor of std types and removing the python bindings which we no
longer need.

---

# [<](2022-07-24.md) 2022-07-25 [>](2022-07-26.md)

