# [<](2022-03-19.md) 2022-03-20 [>](2022-03-21.md)

1,504,154 events recorded by [gharchive.org](https://www.gharchive.org/) of which 1,504,154 were push events containing 2,235,553 commit messages that amount to 120,062,699 characters filtered with [words.py@e23d022007...](https://github.com/defgsus/good-github/blob/e23d022007992279f9bcb3a9fd40126629d787e2/src/words.py) to these 27 messages:


## [morgoth1145/advent-of-code](https://github.com/morgoth1145/advent-of-code)@[c9a1d0bbc3...](https://github.com/morgoth1145/advent-of-code/commit/c9a1d0bbc32c9f841304ca9588ce1aecb6bc9cf7)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 00:21:33 by Patrick Hogg

2018 Day 23 Part 2

Now this is an interesting problem. I'm honestly not sure if I did this right at all, but it worked.

My first inclination was to use the average of the bots positions as the starting point, but then I realized that bots with larger ranges have way more flexibility. As such, a weighted average gives a better starting point, and for the example is nearly the answer. However, searching around the current guess is complicated and if done poorly can be very slow since there's a lot of ground to cover.

I think that the approach I came up with is related to gradient ascent? I'm just trying all directions around the current point at different factors and seeing if I can make progress. Honestly it's pretty jank and haphazard, but it does give me the right answer.

Would have been an insane 8th place on the leaderboard! Wow!

Time: 0:30:07.082967

---
## [interestingusernam3/tgstation](https://github.com/interestingusernam3/tgstation)@[759d24ab14...](https://github.com/interestingusernam3/tgstation/commit/759d24ab14af0ab22ae9642e9190c3db91e16516)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 00:44:34 by san7890

Four Corners, Red Rover: An Exploration in Decal Trends [MDB IGNORE] (#65290)

* Four Corners, Red Rover: An Exploration in Decaled Trends

You there! What exactly is wrong with this photograph?!

You don't need to tell me, I've boxed it out. There's four individual corners for the decalling. This is weird. You may be asking: Why don't they use the "full tile" turf decals? Let me demonstrate.

Look at the difference between the one at left and the one in the middle. The turf decal totally smothers the nice contrast lines afforded to use by the base turf, causing it to have smooth, clammy exterior. This is probably why no mapper ever uses the full turf decal, much to the chagrin of people who stare at how big the size of this repo is.

Now, what's that on the right? Why, it's the new sprite (and pathing I made) to help counter-act this issue! This perfectly lines up with the contrast lines of the base turf, allowing us to have a non-flattened visualization, while not having four fucking turf decals a turf load upon initialization. How epic!

I've also added "contrasted" variants of the "half" and "anticorner" turf decals for future use. I probably won't go through and update this in this PR, but the opportunity remains available.

I may or not map this change across all the maps. We shall see.

* neutral corners

we love vsc

* no wait

i forgot a bunch of potential edgecases so we'll have to go back. yellow should be fine but neutral, dark, blue, and green should get a second look over

* recheck

found some stuff, probably missed out on others. let us commence forth

* MISTAKE

nearly a fucko bwoingo

* final pass

it compiles and i've had enough, someone else can probably figure it out from this point onwards

* #65230 goated my timbs

now we wait for linters to fail

* YOU DIDN'T SAY THAT THE FIRST TIME

LINTERS AAFAFAFF

---
## [interestingusernam3/tgstation](https://github.com/interestingusernam3/tgstation)@[884c1eeb62...](https://github.com/interestingusernam3/tgstation/commit/884c1eeb62e1c970b2b6edc425f36c924b9f48ee)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 00:44:34 by 小月猫

fixes wallmounts (#65408)

closes #65393 (Engineering Cyborgs can't place APC or Air alarm frames on walls anymore)
fixes the code error in #64428 (afc1e44ee2922a316feb958249f7806568953bbe)

basically what occured is that he typed out the T(turf) attackby proc to input the screwdriver as an arg rather then the wallmount, remember, you want the WALLMOUNT to hit the wall to place it, not the screwdriver, that just creates runtimes and doesnt place anything

EDIT: actually re-reading it, what it was actually doing was using the screwdriver as the user arg, and trying to smash the user into the wall, thats actually kinda funny

borgo wallmounting is a good thing, good borgos need their treats

---
## [The-Merchants-Guild/Merchant-Station-13](https://github.com/The-Merchants-Guild/Merchant-Station-13)@[663688130e...](https://github.com/The-Merchants-Guild/Merchant-Station-13/commit/663688130e83b094351f8cdf1b1d20a6b0c80c4b)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 00:49:14 by karmaisblackandbluepilled

I hate /tg/code so much it's actually unreal (#57)

* Hulk Recoil Removal go fuck yourself 41 damage for one wall

* medical doctors have access to genetics, again, why was this removed FUCK you

* buffs bpowder and methsplosions back up, fuck you edge

* Unnerfs chemicals for speed why why why why why

* adds silver back to synthesizers but removes the solidification reaction, for obvious reasons

* unfucks the dna sequencers because genetics is a shit minigame and making it harder to solve is for [SLUR REMOVED]

* did what the guy above told me to(?)

---
## [newstools/2022-metro](https://github.com/newstools/2022-metro)@[515736503d...](https://github.com/newstools/2022-metro/commit/515736503da5b4f0da950e6c46f32a631e993cbe)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 01:47:00 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [metro.co.uk/2022/03/19/gogglebox-star-ellie-warners-boyfriend-fighting-for-his-life-after-being-hit-by-car-16307250/]

---
## [ghostwriter/laminas-org-laminas-db](https://github.com/ghostwriter/laminas-org-laminas-db)@[91bd56cebd...](https://github.com/ghostwriter/laminas-org-laminas-db/commit/91bd56cebd6a46ffaa78f068d3b8705732bdb56a)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 02:37:32 by Michał Bundyra

Message against the war, in Russian and English

🇷🇺 Русским гражданам

Мы, участники Laminas, родились и живем в разных странах. У многих из нас есть друзья, родственники и коллеги как в России, так и в Украине. Некоторые из нас родились в России. Некоторые из нас живут в России. У некоторых бабушки и дедушки сражались с фашистами во Второй мировой войне. Здесь никто не поддерживает фашизм.

У одного из нас есть украинская родственница, которая спаслась из дома вместе с сыном. Поезд задержался из-за бомбежки на дороге впереди. У нас есть друзья, которые прячутся в бомбоубежищах. Мы с тревогой ждем весточки от них после воздушных налетов, которые беспорядочно наносят удары и попадают по больницам, школам, детским садам и домам. Мы не берем это из каких-либо СМИ. Мы наблюдаем это напрямую.

Вы доверяете нам достаточно, чтоб использовать наши программы, и мы просим вас довериться нам вновь. Мы нуждаемся в помощи. Выходите и протестуйте против этой бесполезной войны. Остановите кровопролитие. Скажите "Нет войне!"

🇺🇸 To Citizens of Russia

We at Laminas come from all over the world. Many of us have friends, family and colleagues in both Russia and Ukraine. Some of us were born in Russia. Some of us currently live in Russia. Some have grandparents who fought Nazis in World War II. Nobody here supports fascism.

One team member has a Ukrainian relative who fled her home with her son. The train was delayed due to bombing on the road ahead. We have friends who are hiding in bomb shelters. We anxiously follow up on them after the air raids, which indiscriminately fire at hospitals, schools, kindergartens and houses. Were not taking this from any media. These are our actual experiences.

You trust us enough to use our software. We ask that you trust us to say the truth on this. We need your help. Go out and protest this unnecessary war. Stop the bloodshed. Say "stop the war!"

Signed-off-by: Michał Bundyra <contact@webimpress.com>

---
## [LatonDeBasura/NBAAPP](https://github.com/LatonDeBasura/NBAAPP)@[108d190663...](https://github.com/LatonDeBasura/NBAAPP/commit/108d190663019ecefad6a64e9420d2cc8124747a)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 03:49:27 by LatonDeBasura

WORLDS BIGGEST UPDATE EVERYTHING IS BROKEN

UPDATED EVERYTHING
+ DOG
+ FISH
+ CAT
+ HTML WRITTEN HORRIBLY
+ CSS WRITTEN HORRIBLY
+ COPIED AND PASTED CODE 25 TIMES
+ DECREASED DATA EXTRACTION TO SUB 5 SECONDS
+WEBSITE INFO IS NOW CACHED TO INCREASE SPPPPEEEEDDDD
+SOME OTHER STUFF THAT I CANT REMEMBER
+THINGS SHOW UP ON SCREEN NOW GLITCHED THE FUCK OUT ON TOP OF THE PREVIOUS LAYOUT
+WE BEGAN THE PROJECT BEFORE ANY LAYOUT WAS DECIDED
+USED TO BE A 3 MAN PROJECT NOW IM SOLOING 3 LANGUAGES AND SUCKING 6 COCKS

---
## [Vivekachooz/android_kernel_asus_sdm660](https://github.com/Vivekachooz/android_kernel_asus_sdm660)@[feffdf8454...](https://github.com/Vivekachooz/android_kernel_asus_sdm660/commit/feffdf84541da7a2f91f01f1b9e4c744c8d8cc1a)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 05:20:34 by Dan Pasanen

power: don't ever reboot to verity red

* We get it, shit's broken. We're flashing custom stuff, shit's bound
  to break. Don't pop this annoying screen up, we're not even using
  verity anyway.

Change-Id: Icd77b70ec1df9108a4ba9e7fd8cb9623b35b78db

---
## [voboghure-dev/gutenberg](https://github.com/voboghure-dev/gutenberg)@[3ea2d42b0a...](https://github.com/voboghure-dev/gutenberg/commit/3ea2d42b0a6a206663735a47f9796bd42eda2186)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 05:40:49 by Dennis Snell

Blocks: Remember raw source block for invalid blocks. (#38923)

Part of #38922

When the editor is unable to validate a block it should preserve the
broken content in the post and show an accurate representation of that
underlying markup in the absence of being able to interact with it.

Currently when showing a preview of an invalid block in the editor we
attempt to re-generate the save output for a block given the attributes
we originally parsed. This is a flawed approach, however, because by
the nature of being invalid we know that there is a problem with those
attributes as they are.

In this patch we're introducing the `__unstableBlockSource` attribute on 
a block which only exists for invalid blocks at the time of this patch. That 
`__unstableBlockSource` carries the original un-processed data for a block
node and can be used to reconstruct the original markup without using
garbage data and without inadvertently changing it through the series
of autofixes, deprecations, and the like that happen during normal block loading.

The noticable change is in `block-list/block` where we will be showing
that reconstruction rather than the re-generated block content. Previously
it was the case that the preview might represent a corrupted version of the
block or show the block as if emptied of all its content. Now, however,
the preview sould accurately reflect the HTML in the source post even
when it's invalid or unrecognized according to the editor.

Further work should take advantage of the `__unstableBlockSource`
property to provide a more consistent and trusting experience for
working with unrecognized content.

---
## [neerajsi-msft/git](https://github.com/neerajsi-msft/git)@[0b748b8d26...](https://github.com/neerajsi-msft/git/commit/0b748b8d265d4f9eeb1fe7762b210b1914757671)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 05:41:28 by brian m. carlson

builtin/stash: provide a way to export stashes to a ref

A common user problem is how to sync in-progress work to another
machine.  Users currently must use some sort of transfer of the working
tree, which poses security risks and also necessarily causes the index
to become dirty.  The experience is suboptimal and frustrating for
users.

A reasonable idea is to use the stash for this purpose, but the stash is
stored in the reflog, not in a ref, and as such it cannot be pushed or
pulled.  This also means that it cannot be saved into a bundle or
preserved elsewhere, which is a problem when using throwaway development
environments.

Let's solve this problem by allowing the user to export the stash to a
ref (or, to just write it into the repository and print the hash, à la
git commit-tree).  Introduce git stash export, which writes a chain of
commits identical to the ones used for reflog-based stashes, except that
the first parent is always a chain to the previous stash, or to a
single, empty commit (for the final item).

Iterate over each stash from topmost to bottomost, looking up the data
for each one, and then create the chain from the single empty commit
back up in reverse order.  Preserve the author and committer
information, as well as the commit message, so we produce an identical
stash when importing later.

If the user has specified specific stashes they'd like to export
instead, use those instead of iterating over all of the stashes.

As part of this, specifically request quiet behavior when looking up the
OID for a revision because we will eventually hit a revision that
doesn't exist and we don't want to die when that occurs.

Signed-off-by: brian m. carlson <sandals@crustytoothpaste.net>
Signed-off-by: Junio C Hamano <gitster@pobox.com>

---
## [classified/android_kernel_oneplus_sm8150](https://github.com/classified/android_kernel_oneplus_sm8150)@[85953d8b01...](https://github.com/classified/android_kernel_oneplus_sm8150/commit/85953d8b01d5eee5eafb3569885f42875e6c9161)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 06:27:42 by alk3pInjection

drm: Handle dim for udfps

* Apparently, los fod impl is better than udfps cuz it
  has onShow/HideFodView hook, which allows us to toggle
  dimlayer seamlessly.

  Since udfps only partially supports the former one,
  we'd better kill dim in kernel. This is kinda a hack
  but it works well, bringing perfect fod experience
  back to us.

Co-authored-by: Art_Chen <Chenxy0201@qq.com>
Change-Id: I80bfd508dacac5db89f4fff0283529c256fb30ce

---
## [Kneba/kernel_asus_sdm660](https://github.com/Kneba/kernel_asus_sdm660)@[05f305dcc9...](https://github.com/Kneba/kernel_asus_sdm660/commit/05f305dcc910fc497909e3dfde6770cdfd7a9661)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 08:49:23 by Angelo G. Del Regno

Makefile.lib: Lower kernel gzip compression to fastest

You're reading this - so you're trying to understand "JUST WHY OMG".
That's already a good step.

First of all, this is a downstream kernel - always keep that in mind!
Now, this kernel is targeting new *very powerful* Qualcomm platforms
like SM8250 and the Sony Edo platform - which has a very fast UFS card.

Keep in mind that the bootloader sets the CPU at a frequency that is
slightly faster than the "in the middle" ones, which is anyway not
veeeery fast - but that's good, really. I agree.

So.. check this out:   for Image.gz-dtb.....
COMP_LEVEL    SIZE
9             20116171
5	      20220479
2	      20940223
1	      21231290

Remember again that we're loading from a UFS card and that
we are loading ~1.1MB more out of a 20MB file.
If you're smart enough you surely know already about RAM and CPU
overhead of very high compression levels.

If you still disagree with what I just did, read this commit description
another 20 times, or more, until you understand it. :)))

Signed-off-by: RyuujiX <saputradenny712@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Kneba <abenkenary3@gmail.com>

---
## [Kneba/kernel_asus_sdm660](https://github.com/Kneba/kernel_asus_sdm660)@[4358bc0bdc...](https://github.com/Kneba/kernel_asus_sdm660/commit/4358bc0bdc1b1fd3f644f121e5e501f2d104c141)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 08:50:56 by Dave Chiluk

sched/fair: Fix low cpu usage with high throttling by removing expiration of cpu-local slices

commit de53fd7aedb100f03e5d2231cfce0e4993282425 upstream.

It has been observed, that highly-threaded, non-cpu-bound applications
running under cpu.cfs_quota_us constraints can hit a high percentage of
periods throttled while simultaneously not consuming the allocated
amount of quota. This use case is typical of user-interactive non-cpu
bound applications, such as those running in kubernetes or mesos when
run on multiple cpu cores.

This has been root caused to cpu-local run queue being allocated per cpu
bandwidth slices, and then not fully using that slice within the period.
At which point the slice and quota expires. This expiration of unused
slice results in applications not being able to utilize the quota for
which they are allocated.

The non-expiration of per-cpu slices was recently fixed by
'commit 512ac999d275 ("sched/fair: Fix bandwidth timer clock drift
condition")'. Prior to that it appears that this had been broken since
at least 'commit 51f2176d74ac ("sched/fair: Fix unlocked reads of some
cfs_b->quota/period")' which was introduced in v3.16-rc1 in 2014. That
added the following conditional which resulted in slices never being
expired.

if (cfs_rq->runtime_expires != cfs_b->runtime_expires) {
	/* extend local deadline, drift is bounded above by 2 ticks */
	cfs_rq->runtime_expires += TICK_NSEC;

Because this was broken for nearly 5 years, and has recently been fixed
and is now being noticed by many users running kubernetes
(https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/67577) it is my opinion
that the mechanisms around expiring runtime should be removed
altogether.

This allows quota already allocated to per-cpu run-queues to live longer
than the period boundary. This allows threads on runqueues that do not
use much CPU to continue to use their remaining slice over a longer
period of time than cpu.cfs_period_us. However, this helps prevent the
above condition of hitting throttling while also not fully utilizing
your cpu quota.

This theoretically allows a machine to use slightly more than its
allotted quota in some periods. This overflow would be bounded by the
remaining quota left on each per-cpu runqueueu. This is typically no
more than min_cfs_rq_runtime=1ms per cpu. For CPU bound tasks this will
change nothing, as they should theoretically fully utilize all of their
quota in each period. For user-interactive tasks as described above this
provides a much better user/application experience as their cpu
utilization will more closely match the amount they requested when they
hit throttling. This means that cpu limits no longer strictly apply per
period for non-cpu bound applications, but that they are still accurate
over longer timeframes.

This greatly improves performance of high-thread-count, non-cpu bound
applications with low cfs_quota_us allocation on high-core-count
machines. In the case of an artificial testcase (10ms/100ms of quota on
80 CPU machine), this commit resulted in almost 30x performance
improvement, while still maintaining correct cpu quota restrictions.
That testcase is available at https://github.com/indeedeng/fibtest.

Fixes: 512ac999d275 ("sched/fair: Fix bandwidth timer clock drift condition")
Signed-off-by: Dave Chiluk <chiluk+linux@indeed.com>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Reviewed-by: Phil Auld <pauld@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Ben Segall <bsegall@google.com>
Cc: Ingo Molnar <mingo@redhat.com>
Cc: John Hammond <jhammond@indeed.com>
Cc: Jonathan Corbet <corbet@lwn.net>
Cc: Kyle Anderson <kwa@yelp.com>
Cc: Gabriel Munos <gmunoz@netflix.com>
Cc: Peter Oskolkov <posk@posk.io>
Cc: Cong Wang <xiyou.wangcong@gmail.com>
Cc: Brendan Gregg <bgregg@netflix.com>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/1563900266-19734-2-git-send-email-chiluk+linux@indeed.com
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Ratoriku <a1063021545@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Peppe289 <gsperanza204@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: RyuujiX <saputradenny712@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Kneba <abenkenary3@gmail.com>

---
## [postgresql-cfbot/postgresql](https://github.com/postgresql-cfbot/postgresql)@[ec62cb0aac...](https://github.com/postgresql-cfbot/postgresql/commit/ec62cb0aac5ba31a82339606009ddbd7eb00e2ac)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 09:08:02 by Tom Lane

Revert applying column aliases to the output of whole-row Vars.

In commit bf7ca1587, I had the bright idea that we could make the
result of a whole-row Var (that is, foo.*) track any column aliases
that had been applied to the FROM entry the Var refers to.  However,
that's not terribly logically consistent, because now the output of
the Var is no longer of the named composite type that the Var claims
to emit.  bf7ca1587 tried to handle that by changing the output
tuple values to be labeled with a blessed RECORD type, but that's
really pretty disastrous: we can wind up storing such tuples onto
disk, whereupon they're not readable by other sessions.

The only practical fix I can see is to give up on what bf7ca1587
tried to do, and say that the column names of tuples produced by
a whole-row Var are always those of the underlying named composite
type, query aliases or no.  While this introduces some inconsistencies,
it removes others, so it's not that awful in the abstract.  What *is*
kind of awful is to make such a behavioral change in a back-patched
bug fix.  But corrupt data is worse, so back-patched it will be.

(A workaround available to anyone who's unhappy about this is to
introduce an extra level of sub-SELECT, so that the whole-row Var is
referring to the sub-SELECT's output and not to a named table type.
Then the Var is of type RECORD to begin with and there's no issue.)

Per report from Miles Delahunty.  The faulty commit dates to 9.5,
so back-patch to all supported branches.

Discussion: https://postgr.es/m/2950001.1638729947@sss.pgh.pa.us

---
## [Ryan2Cyan/Test_Repo](https://github.com/Ryan2Cyan/Test_Repo)@[6cbc4fceb8...](https://github.com/Ryan2Cyan/Test_Repo/commit/6cbc4fceb8a0f6c4bb20e1d66eb8f64033f77c0a)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 09:40:39 by Ryan Bolson

Add random funny text to README.md
Text edit to improve readability of file in README.md. Text describes my girlfriend and her cat.

---
## [Ryan2Cyan/Test_Repo](https://github.com/Ryan2Cyan/Test_Repo)@[d45c828f2c...](https://github.com/Ryan2Cyan/Test_Repo/commit/d45c828f2cc92fb166dd236d14094c1c3bdc9df4)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 09:40:39 by Ryan Bolson

Change made to README.md.

New text insert into README.md, describing the lovely bottom of my
girlfriend. This has no significance and is purely comdeical.

---
## [educatedchimp/fucking-algorithm](https://github.com/educatedchimp/fucking-algorithm)@[15b428a8ab...](https://github.com/educatedchimp/fucking-algorithm/commit/15b428a8ab2d3bf09c3f710f90a2240bed0b39c8)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 10:28:33 by Tomasz Surowiec

[English] Correct Edit Distance 

(I feel a need to preface this by saying that the changes I made were based solely on the English version, and the reading experience, for I do not speak Chinese (I'm not even sure if it's Mandarin, Cantonese or which one, nor if there's any difference in writing). Should you object to any changes, please let me know)

1. Changed the apostrophe character from *`* to *'*. The former is not used as an apostrophe, and is actually an accent mark (for preferred characters, refer to (this)[http://snowball.tartarus.org/texts/apostrophe.html] (U+0027 ', U+2019 ’, U+201B ‛)).
2. Changed certain verb forms. For instance: *"The last question is that **writing** a function to calculate [...]"* to *"The last question is **to write** a function which calculates [...]"* (also *which* -> *to* in order to avoid the repetition).
3. Changed the capitalization where necessary. For example: *Helpless* to *helpless* (since it's not a proper name); *We* to *we* (middle of a sentence).
4. Changed a few verbs to nouns, and vice versa: *"explain"* (on its own serves as an imperative, which would demand that the reader explain it) to *"explanation"*; *"storage"* to "store [the least editing distance of s1 and s2; L226]".
5. Fixed redundant spaces: *"[...] `s2`  in [...]"* to *"[...] `s2` in [...]"*; *"s1[i]！=s2[j]"* to *"s1[i] != s2[j]"*
6. Changed a few odd phrases: *"a violent solution"* to *"a brute force solution"* ( (most)[https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwiolLjsxK3xAhUspIsKHU-9BwEQFjADegQIBBAD&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgsdrc.org%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F11%2F671_P-CVE_Programming_on_Men_Women_Boys_and_Girls.pdf&usg=AOvVaw2QjJ_-yjxxw2oWYtG77sgE], albeit (not all)[https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwiolLjsxK3xAhUspIsKHU-9BwEQFjABegQIAhAE&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.programmersought.com%2Farticle%2F27011223160%2F&usg=AOvVaw1f6OCbf1r7M8GAfmGotBDg], uses of the former did not refer to programming ); *"from the bottom to up"* to *"from the bottom up"* (or *"bottom-up"*; see: (from the bottom up)[https://www.lexico.com/definition/from_the_bottom_up], and (bottom-up)[https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/bottom-up] ); *"operation number"* to *"the number of operations"* (this one might have been more subjective).
7. Removed latex dollar signs (since github markdown does not support it): *"$O(min(M, N))$"* to *"O(min(M, N))"* (as used in other articles).
8. Pluralized certain nouns after *"any"* ( ("We use any for indefinite quantities in questions and negative sentences")[https://dictionary.cambridge.org/grammar/british-grammar/any] ): *"any operation"* to *"any operations"*.
9. Added some formatting: "dp(i, j)" to "`dp(i, j)`" (L98).

I'm also not sure if *"[...] I wrote some words out of place by mistake"* refers to mistyping, but it's still more than clear, albeit slightly wordy.

To reiterate, should any of these be of concern, let me know, especially since it is my second language.
Best regards

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[4b7838734f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/4b7838734fb9788ac8d2b7efd7352be8ff195ada)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 12:26:25 by Marko Grdinić

"10:55am. Got up 10m ago and am chilling. Did I get any replies to my questions? Nope, but some guy keeps cheering me to keep going. I guess I have a fan now.

Let me chill a bit more and then I will get started.

11:15am. Did some chilling, let me finish the chapter and then I will get started on that wall. It just needs a white base color with some turbulent noise as bump.

11:30am. I am into Otome Survival after all despite the crappy translation. Actually, it is not that bad, it just made a poor initial impression upon me.

Let me start this.

Right now I am concerned about the questions I asked. I really hope that the mods are not withholding them just because they can't answer them. That would be poor form.

11:40am. Besides bump, it really looks better when you have some diffuse variation.

11:45am. First let me work on the walls.

12pm. To get the world coordinates as UVs, what you really need are planar projections.

12:35pm. Had to take a break. I am playing with noise patterns currently.

1:05pm. I was going to write that I had a realization why textures are used instead of noise patterns, but I decided to keep at it as I am fascinated with this, and the result I have is extremely pleasing. I just used a bunch of noise textures to make the likeness of my wall, but I am extremely pleased with how it came out.

I started off with Perlin noise of 1.0 roughness. Then I add to that another higher frequency perlin noise that I sparsified using the power function. I actually set the exponent to 10 in order to get what I want. This sparse noise gives the appearance of occasional small bump.

On top of that I added the Voronoi (celular) noise that I've also made sparse by passing it through power 8 function. Since it was too regular I distorted it by adding Perlin noise to its UVs. This gives the appearance of there being small lines in the wall.

The result here is wonderful. It really does look like the texture on the walls of my room.

Hmmm, well, it is still a bit too regular, my wall has a bunch of lower frequency patterns, but this is very lifelike and I should stop at this point.

...It really does take it a while to calculate when passed into the bump map. I do need a faster rig.

1:20pm. I might as well let it run for 20 refinements while I stop for breakfast. I could only get it to look good on one wall where the light has just the right intensity. The way I did my testing is by plugging it into the diffuse. The bump is quite noisy.

1:25pm. Let me do the chores instead of staring at the renderer."

---
## [henricaodopao1/kernel-to-flash-to-use-to-report-unexistent-bugs-to-feed-to-sleep-to-talk-to](https://github.com/henricaodopao1/kernel-to-flash-to-use-to-report-unexistent-bugs-to-feed-to-sleep-to-talk-to)@[ce8c1f9192...](https://github.com/henricaodopao1/kernel-to-flash-to-use-to-report-unexistent-bugs-to-feed-to-sleep-to-talk-to/commit/ce8c1f9192b93d8b414861434270744c35fa2018)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 12:54:26 by Maciej Żenczykowski

FROMGIT: bpf: Do not change gso_size during bpf_skb_change_proto()

This is technically a backwards incompatible change in behaviour, but I'm
going to argue that it is very unlikely to break things, and likely to fix
*far* more then it breaks.

In no particular order, various reasons follow:

(a) I've long had a bug assigned to myself to debug a super rare kernel crash
on Android Pixel phones which can (per stacktrace) be traced back to BPF clat
IPv6 to IPv4 protocol conversion causing some sort of ugly failure much later
on during transmit deep in the GSO engine, AFAICT precisely because of this
change to gso_size, though I've never been able to manually reproduce it. I
believe it may be related to the particular network offload support of attached
USB ethernet dongle being used for tethering off of an IPv6-only cellular
connection. The reason might be we end up with more segments than max permitted,
or with a GSO packet with only one segment... (either way we break some
assumption and hit a BUG_ON)

(b) There is no check that the gso_size is > 20 when reducing it by 20, so we
might end up with a negative (or underflowing) gso_size or a gso_size of 0.
This can't possibly be good. Indeed this is probably somehow exploitable (or
at least can result in a kernel crash) by delivering crafted packets and perhaps
triggering an infinite loop or a divide by zero... As a reminder: gso_size (MSS)
is related to MTU, but not directly derived from it: gso_size/MSS may be
significantly smaller then one would get by deriving from local MTU. And on
some NICs (which do loose MTU checking on receive, it may even potentially be
larger, for example my work pc with 1500 MTU can receive 1520 byte frames [and
sometimes does due to bugs in a vendor plat46 implementation]). Indeed even just
going from 21 to 1 is potentially problematic because it increases the number
of segments by a factor of 21 (think DoS, or some other crash due to too many
segments).

(c) It's always safe to not increase the gso_size, because it doesn't result in
the max packet size increasing.  So the skb_increase_gso_size() call was always
unnecessary for correctness (and outright undesirable, see later). As such the
only part which is potentially dangerous (ie. could cause backwards compatibility
issues) is the removal of the skb_decrease_gso_size() call.

(d) If the packets are ultimately destined to the local device, then there is
absolutely no benefit to playing around with gso_size. It only matters if the
packets will egress the device. ie. we're either forwarding, or transmitting
from the device.

(e) This logic only triggers for packets which are GSO. It does not trigger for
skbs which are not GSO. It will not convert a non-GSO MTU sized packet into a
GSO packet (and you don't even know what the MTU is, so you can't even fix it).
As such your transmit path must *already* be able to handle an MTU 20 bytes
larger then your receive path (for IPv4 to IPv6 translation) - and indeed 28
bytes larger due to IPv4 fragments. Thus removing the skb_decrease_gso_size()
call doesn't actually increase the size of the packets your transmit side must
be able to handle. ie. to handle non-GSO max-MTU packets, the IPv4/IPv6 device/
route MTUs must already be set correctly. Since for example with an IPv4 egress
MTU of 1500, IPv4 to IPv6 translation will already build 1520 byte IPv6 frames,
so you need a 1520 byte device MTU. This means if your IPv6 device's egress
MTU is 1280, your IPv4 route must be 1260 (and actually 1252, because of the
need to handle fragments). This is to handle normal non-GSO packets. Thus the
reduction is simply not needed for GSO packets, because when they're correctly
built, they will already be the right size.

(f) TSO/GSO should be able to exactly undo GRO: the number of packets (TCP
segments) should not be modified, so that TCP's MSS counting works correctly
(this matters for congestion control). If protocol conversion changes the
gso_size, then the number of TCP segments may increase or decrease. Packet loss
after protocol conversion can result in partial loss of MSS segments that the
sender sent. How's the sending TCP stack going to react to receiving ACKs/SACKs
in the middle of the segments it sent?

(g) skb_{decrease,increase}_gso_size() are already no-ops for GSO_BY_FRAGS
case (besides triggering WARN_ON_ONCE). This means you already cannot guarantee
that gso_size (and thus resulting packet MTU) is changed. ie. you must assume
it won't be changed.

(h) changing gso_size is outright buggy for UDP GSO packets, where framing
matters (I believe that's also the case for SCTP, but it's already excluded
by [g]).  So the only remaining case is TCP, which also doesn't want it
(see [f]).

(i) see also the reasoning on the previous attempt at fixing this
(commit fa7b83bf3b156c767f3e4a25bbf3817b08f3ff8e) which shows that the current
behaviour causes TCP packet loss:

  In the forwarding path GRO -> BPF 6 to 4 -> GSO for TCP traffic, the
  coalesced packet payload can be > MSS, but < MSS + 20.

  bpf_skb_proto_6_to_4() will upgrade the MSS and it can be > the payload
  length. After then tcp_gso_segment checks for the payload length if it
  is <= MSS. The condition is causing the packet to be dropped.

  tcp_gso_segment():
    [...]
    mss = skb_shinfo(skb)->gso_size;
    if (unlikely(skb->len <= mss)) goto out;
    [...]

Thus changing the gso_size is simply a very bad idea. Increasing is unnecessary
and buggy, and decreasing can go negative.

Fixes: 6578171a7ff0 ("bpf: add bpf_skb_change_proto helper")
Signed-off-by: Daniel Borkmann <daniel@iogearbox.net>
Cc: Dongseok Yi <dseok.yi@samsung.com>
Cc: Willem de Bruijn <willemb@google.com>
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/bpf/CANP3RGfjLikQ6dg=YpBU0OeHvyv7JOki7CyOUS9modaXAi-9vQ@mail.gmail.com
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/bpf/20210617000953.2787453-2-zenczykowski@gmail.com

(cherry picked from commit 364745fbe981a4370f50274475da4675661104df https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/bpf/bpf-next.git/commit/?id=364745fbe981a4370f50274475da4675661104df )
Test: builds, TreeHugger
Bug: 158835517
Bug: 188690383
Signed-off-by: Maciej Żenczykowski <maze@google.com>
Change-Id: I0ef3174cbd3caaa42d5779334a9c0bfdc9ab81f5

---
## [TaoK/git](https://github.com/TaoK/git)@[2f106741aa...](https://github.com/TaoK/git/commit/2f106741aa21764841368acf026a2014896918ab)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 16:30:59 by Tao Klerks

merge: new autosetupmerge option 'simple' for matching branches

With the default push.default option, "simple", beginners are
protected from accidentally pushing to the "wrong" branch in
centralized workflows: if the remote tracking branch they would push
to does not have the same name as the local branch, and they try to do
a "default push", they get an error and explanation with options.

There is a particular centralized workflow where this often happens:
a user branches to a new local feature branch from an existing
upstream branch, eg with "checkout -b feature1 origin/master". With
the default branch.autosetupmerge configuration (value "true"), git
will automatically add origin/master as the remote tracking branch.

When the user pushes with "git push", they get an error, and (amongst
other things) a suggestion to run "git push origin HEAD". Eventually
they figure out to add "-u" to change the tracking branch, or they set
push.default to "current", or some tooling does one or the other of
these things for them.

When one of their coworkers works on the same branch, they don't get
any of that weirdness. They just "git checkout feature1" and
everything works exactly as they expect, with the shared remote branch
set up as remote tracking branch, and push and pull working out of the
box.

The "stable state" for this way of working is that local branches have
the same-name remote tracking branch (origin/feature1 in this
example), and multiple people can work on that remote feature branch
at the same time, trusting "git pull" to merge or rebase as required
for them to be able to push their interim changes to that same feature
branch on that same remote.

(merging from the upstream "master" branch, and merging back to it,
are separate more involved processes in this flow).

There is a problem in this flow/way of working, however, which is that
the first user, when they first branched from origin/master, ended up
with the "wrong" remote tracking branch (different from the stable
state). For a while, before they pushed (and maybe longer, if they
don't use -u/--set-upstream), their "git pull" wasn't getting other
users' changes to the feature branch - it was getting any changes from
the remote "master" branch instead (a completely different class of
changes!)

Any experienced git user will presumably say "well yeah, that's what
it means to have the remote tracking branch set to origin/master!" -
but that user didn't *ask* to have the remote master branch added as
remote tracking branch - that just happened automatically when they
branched their feature branch. They didn't necessarily even notice or
understand the meaning of the "set up to track 'origin/master'"
message when they created the branch - especially if they are using a
GUI.

Looking at how to fix this, you might think "OK, so disable auto setup
of remote tracking - set branch.autosetupmerge to false" - but that
will inconvenience the *second* user in this story - the one who just
wanted to start working on the feature branch. The first and second
users swap roles at different points in time of course - they should
both have a sane configuration that does the right thing in both
situations.

Make these flows painless by introducing a new branch.autosetupmerge
option called "simple", to match the same-name "push.default" option
that makes similar assumptions.

This new option automatically sets up tracking in a *subset* of the
current default situations: when the original ref is a remote tracking
branch *and* has the same branch name on the remote (as the new local
branch name).

With this new configuration, in the example situation above, the first
user does *not* get origin/master set up as the tracking branch for
the new local branch. If they "git pull" in their new local-only
branch, they get an error explaining there is no upstream branch -
which makes sense and is helpful. If they "git push", they get an
error explaining how to push *and* suggesting they specify
--set-upstream - which is exactly the right thing to do for them.

This new option is likely not appropriate for users intentionally
implementing a "triangular workflow" with a shared upstream tracking
branch, that they "git pull" in and a "private" feature branch that
they push/force-push to just for remote safe-keeping until they are
ready to push up to the shared branch explicitly/separately. Such
users are likely to prefer keeping the current default
merge.autosetupmerge=true behavior, and change their push.default to
"current".

Also extend the existing branch tests with three new cases testing
this option - the obvious matching-name and non-matching-name cases,
and also a non-matching-ref-type case. The matching-name case needs to
temporarily create an independent repo to fetch from, as the general
strategy of using the local repo as the remote in these tests
precludes locally branching with the same name as in the "remote".

Signed-off-by: Tao Klerks <tao@klerks.biz>

---
## [karlek/lapis](https://github.com/karlek/lapis)@[0047856eef...](https://github.com/karlek/lapis/commit/0047856eef697382dcd46107d2e1bf02e9d0cfbc)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 17:38:19 by Henry Eklind

zig: zig can call c and c can call zig, hell yeah (#8)

* zig: zig can call c and c can call zig, hell yeah

* ci: Add zig package

* ci: Use snap to install zig

* ci: Pretty please

* ci: Of course is on beta snap

* zig: Add src/kernel as system path (ugly hack)

Should probably switch to a build.zig file

---
## [Vicious-MCModding/ViciousLib](https://github.com/Vicious-MCModding/ViciousLib)@[790449cb9c...](https://github.com/Vicious-MCModding/ViciousLib/commit/790449cb9ce4b2e4e3885e25f0f584937142eaf6)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 17:40:23 by Drathonix

SQLVector3I now has the add and subtract functions

Holy shit this was so annoying not having.

---
## [newstools/2022-information-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2022-information-nigeria)@[a17810a734...](https://github.com/newstools/2022-information-nigeria/commit/a17810a7349d4aa344a07d890199d31f322ef980)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 18:07:04 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [www.informationng.com/2022/03/lady-seeks-advice-on-how-to-handle-her-boyfriend-who-is-obsessed-with-wearing-her-g-strings.html]

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[03248b6840...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/03248b6840e11c34133a125a740700acd36328dd)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 20:04:33 by Marko Grdinić

"2pm. Done with chores. My bro is making barbeque so I'll wait 15m before starting breakfast.

3pm. Done with breakfast. Let me have some mandarins while I read a few more chapters and then I will resume. I think I should be able to put in some overtime today. Today I signed up for some texturing actions, and that is what I am getting.

3:40pm. It is time to start. This was a good break.

Let me focus my thoughts.

I have the wall done. Let me just texture the ceiling and the floor. I am spending too much time on this stuff. I need to pick up the pace.

As proud as I am of that wall, in general practice I should be using whole textures. It really is much easier to just slap them on. Now, let me do the ceiling. It should be an array of straight planks. But I won't obsess over getting it to match. Any wood will do. Let me load them up.

4:05pm. When it comes laminate, parquet and plank textures nothing really speks to me. I guess I'll just pick two and be done with it.

Let me just see how they look like in V-Ray. I tried out the shader ball and just what is with that crazy complexity. Just how am I supposed to use it?

4:10pm. Made a custom ball just to check how they work. No surprises. There are some strange mask and HM textures for Plank A, but in the material itself they don't get used. I can just ignore those.

Let me plug them in.

...Actually before that, at this point I really should make the UVs.

4:25pm. Done. I cut up the seams for the selected groups. There are options for axis alignment which I set to 3d and to scale the islands to their surface areas. This is really great. I really do understand the basics of Houdini now. Remember how in the Houdini ball tutorial I could not even find the texture tab? I've long left that behind me.

It is also really great that the remesher preserves UV boundaries.

I am ready to go back to Clarisse.

Oh yeah. I meant to ask, what are backplates? Are those the background? There is such a thing as the foreplate and backplate. It is my first time encountering something such as them. Before I start slapping the texture, let me read up on them.

4:50pm. I meant to press F1 in Clarisse, but I accidentally did it in Houdini and it went into an infinite loop.

Nevermind that. Right now, what I want to do is add some more texture to the planks. Right now they are just far too dull. My own planks have various blotches from where the knots were.

5:10pm. Had to take a break. Since this is a good time for it, why don't I try importing those V-Ray OSL noise shaders. I want to see if they would work.

Google is complete trash lately. It rarely gives me what I want.

https://docs.chaos.com/display/OSLShaders/OSL+Shaders+Home

https://docs.chaos.com/display/OSLShaders/Additional+procedural+noises

Let me give these a shot.

5:30pm. Great. Using a ramp I did the thing where I gave it the swirly pattern. Now it does not look like random blotches.

I'll have to find a place to save the OSL shaders on disk, but nevermind that for now.

Focus me. Only the floor is left.

Here is a tip. If the textures don't load in image view, just pause the main renderer. That does the trick for me.

5:40pm. I can't decide. Let me go with parallel D. I'll desaturate it just a tad.

5:50pm. I got some corruption bugs in the material editor. Had to restart.

5:55pm. Put in the texture. But...for it to have the proper likeness of a worn floor, I need to put in the scratches.

6:15pm. Now I am messing with the voronoi noise. It does not give me the kind of straight stratches that I'd want.

6:45pm. I do not get it. How do I make scratches using procedural noise?

6:55pm. Had to take a short break. Let me watch some videos. If that fails, I am going to change my mindset a little. I'll scatter a bunch of spheres on the floor, stretch them out, and then use distance from object as input. That will give me the kind of straightforward scraches that I want. I had some insight while playing around - I finally figured out what the turbulent option is. It is the same as inflection in V-Ray. What it does is just pass an abs through the noise. That is why I get those cool dark seams. I've been trying to make those seams into scratches, but it has not been working for me. The seams are hard to break. Hmmm, what if added some light noise so that I do not get zeroes anymore....Forget that.

Let me do a search. I know how to get scratches using sphere scattering, but I want to see if there is a more straightforward solution.

https://youtu.be/1iBEwV0BgCY
Make Procedural Scratches in Blender 2.82

https://youtu.be/1iBEwV0BgCY?t=121

He is talking about the voronoi node. But the celular noise in Clarisse is too uniform. It is hard to deal with.

https://youtu.be/1iBEwV0BgCY?t=281

Sigh, right about now I wish Clarisse had a raster engine.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99xdGvbYWm0
Creating scratched, worn edges and mixed materials in Houdini and Redshift

Let me watch this for a bit.

https://youtu.be/99xdGvbYWm0?t=98

Don't tell me he is going to keep the render view running while he works on the nodes. That might as well be suicide with V-Ray.

https://youtu.be/99xdGvbYWm0?t=352

He is going to import the scraches from texture!

Let me play with voronoi textures like Ducky did.

7:45pm. In the remap node just how the hell do you add new points to a curve?

i am getting sidetracked. I do not know how to immitate Ducky's technique because I do not know how to get UV coordinates in Clarisse directly.

https://youtu.be/1iBEwV0BgCY?t=279

Damn, I do not know how to immitate this properly.

https://youtu.be/-KO_qkM93q8
Blender 2.8 : Procedural Scratches (In 2 Minutes!!!)

https://youtu.be/MknYUDm6oKo?t=38

Look at what he is doing here - putting the result of wave texture into lacunarity. I simply can't reason things like this out ahead of time.

https://youtu.be/MknYUDm6oKo?t=66

This video is basically the entire reason why I could not hack it in RL. Who could figure out these things?

8:10pm. Remember those 10 tips video where he did that leaf? How did he use the voronoi to do instancing?

https://youtu.be/QZiVXcrsvPM
11 Procedural Shading Tips in Under 10 Minutes

It was this thing.

https://youtu.be/QZiVXcrsvPM?t=243

In the end, the way Blender deals with coordinates seems to be most sensible. Other programs fall into the trap into cramming too much into individual nodes.

https://youtu.be/QZiVXcrsvPM?t=285

Compared to this guy, I am just a baby.

https://youtu.be/QZiVXcrsvPM?t=349

How could this possibly work? Wasn't the position split into 4 quadrants?

https://youtu.be/QZiVXcrsvPM?t=486

The noise in Clarisse does not give me different noise in 3 separate channels.

https://youtu.be/QZiVXcrsvPM?t=497

Yeah, this is the proper distortion that I saw the V-Ray distortion node doing.

8:25pm. https://youtu.be/qMCuDjXjsZ0
Procedural Scratched Metal (Blender Tutorial)

Let me watch this. It might be better in the future to do my texturing in CHOPs.

https://youtu.be/qMCuDjXjsZ0?t=209

Yeah, now that I am looking at it without prejudice, I can see that Blender is very good when it comes to procedural shading. It is better than Clarisse.

https://youtu.be/qMCuDjXjsZ0?t=467

This is similar to how I did it. I distorted the voronoi texture and ended up with these kinds of wavy textures.

https://youtu.be/qMCuDjXjsZ0?t=493

Interesting how he combines the bump nodes.

This couldn't be done in Clarisse.

Every node in Clarisse that I've seen so far has only a single output.

9pm. https://youtu.be/9ngbOV0YKbk
Advanced Procedural Texturing

I am going to watch this again tomorrow. For making the floor scratches I think I am just going to scatter a bunch of points, possibly paint them and do it that way. What hassle.

But knowing how to do basic procedural texturing, especially in a new program is something that will take some up time. Creating my own textures using COP nodes is also something I should get familiar with, but nevermind that for now.

There is a course by Rohan on this that I should check out. Let me close here for the day. I'll deal with this properly tomorrow. I was quite focused throughout the whole day, so I am not disappointed with how the day went. It feels like I am finally establishing my workflow, and thanks to my accumulated experience, I am in prime position to really start learning the intricacies of 3d art without getting bogged down by the beginner stuff.

If I can have time, I can do great things."

---
## [Capsandi/tgstation](https://github.com/Capsandi/tgstation)@[745426eff2...](https://github.com/Capsandi/tgstation/commit/745426eff227ff556105147a4802540617decd7b)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 20:35:18 by LemonInTheDark

Adds a colorblind accessability testing tool (#65217)

* Adds a colorblind accessability testing tool

I keep finding myself worrying about if things I create will be parsable
for colorblind people. So I've made a debug tool for approximating
different extreme forms of colorblindness.

It's very very much a hack. We can't do the proper correction required
to actually deal directly with long medium and short wavelengths of
light, so we need to rely on approximations. Part of that means say,
bright things being brighter then they ought to be. S not how people
actually experience things, but it's not something we can do anything
about in byond.

Anyway uh, it works by taking color matrixes, and using the plane master
grouping system floyd added to apply them to most all parts of the game
you would want to color correct.

There's some slight fragility here, but I couldn't think of a better way
of handling it.

We also need to deal with planes that have BLEND_MULTIPLY as their
blendmode, since that fucks up the filter. I've come up with a hack for
it, since I wanted to avoid breaking anything.

Oh and since I want it to apply to huds too I added plane masters to
represent them. I think that's about it.

Co-authored-by: Mothblocks <35135081+Mothblocks@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [StarStation13/StarStation13](https://github.com/StarStation13/StarStation13)@[770ef81a1f...](https://github.com/StarStation13/StarStation13/commit/770ef81a1fb271572d711e7a05dbce62564ca3b0)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 23:03:51 by John Willard

makes podpeople call parent (#65362)


About The Pull Request

kinda fucked up that it doesnt.
Also while checking this PR I noticed other species also don't, kinda screwed up world we live in...
Why It's Good For The Game

Parent's spec_life is what checks if you have nobreath, and in which case it will remove all your oxygen damage and, if in crit, give you brute damage instead. Not having this makes you basically not take damage while in crit, which I think shouldn't be the case.
Changelog

cl
fix: Podpeople now take self-respiration into account when taking damage from critical condition, like most other species.
/cl

---
## [DeveloperLoser/fulpstation](https://github.com/DeveloperLoser/fulpstation)@[c449fbb56c...](https://github.com/DeveloperLoser/fulpstation/commit/c449fbb56c7cb57fc9d8c0db32be0b66e6d7293b)
#### Sunday 2022-03-20 23:49:32 by SgtHunk

Fixes Solitaire runtimes + missing APCs (#488)

* solitaire fixes

* fuck you bar decals

---

# [<](2022-03-19.md) 2022-03-20 [>](2022-03-21.md)

